Review #: 1
Date: 04 10, 2013
A friend recommended this toy, and now I understand why. Babies love this toy!!! She has been playing with it for months and the songs and lights still entertain her. In fact, I took it with us at her 6mth shots and it was the only thing that stopped her crying. I like that the songs aren't obnoxious, there are two volume choices and you can't beat the price. Would recommend to anyone with a young baby.

Review #: 2
Date: 01 30, 2013
After several friends recommended this little toy, I ordered from Amazon. My son is 7 months old and has been enjoying this since he was born.  It lights up and plays several tunes.  He loves it so much!  If he is fussy, we give him this toy and he is immediately quiet.  It is also very durable- it has been dropped and thrown on the ground A LOT and is still going.  I recommend this toy to ALL of my friends. I am considering buying a second one to keep in my diaper bag.

Review #: 3
Date: 12 29, 2010
Almost perfect!  I wish the speaker was on the front so when it's on the ground you can still hear it.  Other than that, I love the music (not annoying) and baby loves the music and the lights.  It's only $8 at Target though- $21 is ridiculous.

Review #: 4
Date: 07 29, 2013
Along with Sophie the Giraffe, I noticed a lot of babies had this toy, so, with Amazon being the cheapest, I decided to purchase it. My now 14 month old still loves the music this toy plays. I highly recommend this toy for any 4+ month old!

Review #: 5
Date: 05 31, 2013
a lot adhesive residue on the item. seems to be a refurbished unit. Unit works fine. will not consider to purchase this brand again.

Review #: 6
Date: 04 13, 2012
Always stops my baby's cries! Love this toy: good volume, visually stimulating with the lights, easy for baby to hold, nice music. I highly recommend!

Review #: 7
Date: 05 19, 2011
A must-have for any trip anywhere. This is a permanent fixture in my baby bag. The songs sound nice and are not too loud. It keeps my baby entertained and we both enjoy the music.

Review #: 8
Date: 06 6, 2013
A pretty simple toy that lights up and plays clips of classical music arrangements, I first purchased this for my 6 month old and she really enjoyed chewing on it. Now that she is a bit older, she enjoys dancing to the music...it is a toy we always grab whenever leaving the house.For parents: The sound quality on this toy is impressive and the music does not get annoying to quickly...the adjustable volume helps.

Review #: 9
Date: 06 17, 2012
As a parent I see this toy everywhere and read all the great reviews. I first showed this to my daughter around 5 months. She was very uninterested in it. She's now 10 months and I've tried to get her interested in this several times at different ages and she is so not into it. She is a very mobile, active baby but even when not crawling yet this did not hold her interest for more than a few seconds.

Review #: 10
Date: 06 25, 2013
As soon as we hit the button for the music, my son gets super excited and talks and screeches to it. He gets upset if we don't go to the next song soon enough. He loves watching the lights! It's a must have for any toy collection!

Review #: 11
Date: 08 22, 2013
A well made and sturdy toy. We have been pleased that take along tunes has held up so well. The battery power seems to last a long time too.

Review #: 12
Date: 03 20, 2013
A winner... cute little toy with cute little music AND different volume controls! Yay! ;)It cycles through 5 classical tunes... though it is 'baby music' and sped up a bit... which is fine, as long as they are 'on tune' and help him learn about music. And the top, square lights up while music plays! :)He likes 'eating' this... and I emailed the manufacture asking if it is made with BPA-Free plastic... I was emailed back & told I'd get a response... but I never did! So, I still don't know!!!

Review #: 13
Date: 09 18, 2013
Awwee.. we really love this toy. We've had it for a couple of months now but now at 11mos. he's grown uninterested in it. But when he was smaller, he enjoyed this toy the most. The music and lights and colors always kept him interested!

Review #: 14
Date: 05 7, 2013
Babies loves things that play music but sometimes it can drive us nuts. However, this has volume control, which is nice because it can be loud enough for your baby to hear, but not so loud that you can't tune it out.The button to activate the music is easy for a baby to push - my son has been playing with this since he was 4 months old. He's now nine months, still loves it and we're still on the same set of batteries!

Review #: 15
Date: 01 5, 2013
Baby doesn't seem very interested in it yet but I think it's a sweet toy.  My 3-yr-old likes it!  The music is good and has a large variety.  I think she'll enjoy it once she figures out how to push the button and make it go.  My one year old nephew still crawls and I can see him enjoying this toy as well. He likes to crawl around with his toys and this would be a good one for his age as well.

Review #: 16
Date: 05 9, 2013
Baby loves the tunes, especially the William Tell Overture (bounces to it). Baby started using this at 10 months old

Review #: 17
Date: 04 4, 2011
Baby loves this toy and her parents are not driven crazy by the songs.  Plays good sounding, classical songs with 2 volume levels.  Baby can hold on to the handle.  My only complaint is that when it is placed on the floor, the sound is muffled since the speaker is on the back and the push button is on the front.

Review #: 18
Date: 12 12, 2011
Basically, that is what this toy is...a little jukebox made for babies. It succeeds in this. Our daughter (6 months old presently) adores this thing. It has a nice clear sound, the music doesnt sound electronic, and is also surprisingly not annoying. The buttons that trigger the songs are easy for her to press, and the whole thing is light enough for her to hold onto (or throw when she is ready to move on, lol). The lights that accompany the songs are great. Baby's love lights and love music, so the combo helps to hold my daughter's attention. Anyway, this is an inexpensive, quality toy, and well worth the investment. Your baby will thank you with his/her smiles and laughter.Enjoy!

Review #: 19
Date: 08 12, 2011
because of the great reviews and I wanted my 12 mo old daughter to like it.  She LOVES to push buttons on her toys to play music so I thought this would be great for her to carry around.  But when she got it, she played with it for about 5 minutes, then tossed it aside.  We've had it for 2 weeks now and she occasionally presses the button for the tunes, but I can tell its not her favorite toy.Few things I wished it had:-more buttons to press.  I think having just one big button to press gets boring for my daughter.-the volume has two settings.  Soft and VERY soft.  I strained a little to hear the melodies on the lowest setting.  Call me crazy, but I wouldn't mind another setting for medium.-songs.  Yes, I know the product description is for classical TUNES.  That's why I can't ding the Take Along Tunes for that.  I looked at buying Fisher price Laugh and learn music playerFisher-Price Laugh & Learn Learning Music Playerbut didn't because its more then twice the cost of the Take Along Tunes.  However, if my daughter doesn't show anymore interest in it, I may give this toy to my 1 year old niece and purchase the Fisher Price Music player to see if my daughter enjoys it more.Also, the lights that light up to the melody of the music are SUPER BRIGHT at night!  Bright enough to light up my baby's face and car seat!

Review #: 20
Date: 02 28, 2012
Both my children have loved this toy. It works for a long time and keeps their attention when I needed to distract them. Would be great and even more useful if the handle was small enough for younger babies to hold.

Review #: 21
Date: 02 26, 2012
Both my kids love this toy.  They love anything that plays sound, and this plays fun jingly classical tunes and they love to play with it and carry it around the house/car.

Review #: 22
Date: 12 7, 2012
Both of my daughters have loved this toy. I've purchased it twice for each one of them and they both have played with it for months and months.

Review #: 23
Date: 01 1, 2013
Bought this for a recent flight to keep my 6 month old occupied.  He liked it a lot and it was the perfect size for carrying on.  The songs and lights were entertaining and not obnoxious to those around me -- especially because it comes with two volumes and we kept it on the lower setting.  I would buy it again -- it would make a good baby gift.

Review #: 24
Date: 01 19, 2011
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it to death!The music on this player is so realistic and beautifully articulated it really differs itself from the other players that are tinny or sound muffled. This really has a nice crisp clean sound, and my daughter takes it almost everywhere.The volume on the music player has a high and a low, but its only a couple decibels different, nothing to bad, and it doesn't hurt the ears.This is pretty light weight and the caterpillar handle, while although I am not sure it is made to be chewed on, my daughter has had many chewings with it and it has withheld that abuse, with no paint chippings or bite marks. So overall, the price and how nice sounding this is, I would recommend highly!

Review #: 25
Date: 03 14, 2013
Bought this for my grandson when he was an infant. He plays with it every time he comes over (he's almost 2). It is easy to turn on, nice tunes and fits little hands so well.

Review #: 26
Date: 08 7, 2012
Bought this on a whim based on the great review.  My six month old loves it.  He flails his arms in delight laughing and smiling as it plays.  Great!!

Review #: 27
Date: 11 23, 2013
Bought this since my daughter was 4 months old and we've had it for 8 months now. She still enjoys the toy/music (plays 7 short melodies, but doesn't sound too repetitive), plus she's now able to carry it around and push the button herself! We've used it at home, in the car, and in the pram, and it had on a couple of occasions managed to soothe her when she was particularly cranky. The only issue is the sticker on the push button did start to peel off so I had to remove it, so now it's just a white circle there. Otherwise, the sound quality is good (definitely not annoying!) with two volume settings. It has also withstand dropping from the highchair and banging well. I have had to change the batteries twice so far. Would buy again for the price.

Review #: 28
Date: 07 5, 2013
Bring this in the car seat and your child will be entertained. lots of sounds and activities in a compact design. Works great!

Review #: 29
Date: 08 9, 2013
Easy to activate, two volume levels and plays delightful classical music (a nice change from so many of our other toys).  Handle is an appealing toy in itself.

Review #: 30
Date: 02 17, 2010
Everything the previous reviewers have said is exactly the case... I received this from my cousin-in-law (more like a sis-in-law, haha) and the toy captures the attention of my now 3 month old crazy good.  He will watch it for quite some time.  He can't hold it himself yet, so I don't know how long it will keep him entertained on his own.  I like to move it up down and around to have my baby's eyes follow the lights and sound, and I'm pretty sure this is a great way to help with eye development.Downside, like previously mentioned by others, is that the songs are short and there is no continuous loop option.  But that's it!LOVE IT!

Review #: 31
Date: 07 11, 2013
For several months, this was the only thing that kept my daughter happy while in the car. More than once it's saved my sanity.

Review #: 32
Date: 03 11, 2011
For some reason this toy is my son's favorite. He loves it! Every time he hits the button he becomes silent and almost hypnotized! I must say though that the sound on mine is very "tinny" but the volume is excellent. It plays longer versions of classical songs- which is a nice change from 10 second clips that a majority of toys play. The lights are nice- not too bright in my opinion. Just a side note- the image makes it seem as if there are 4 separate buttons when in reality it is one big button that you have to press in the middle to make it play. I recommend it!

Review #: 33
Date: 01 27, 2010
For under $10, you get fascinating moving lights, a colorful caterpillar handle that is easy to grasp, and best of all an impressive variety of classical tunes that last for a LONG time!  The sound quality is very nice--not irritating at all.  Highly portable..a great take-along toy.  Much loved!

Review #: 34
Date: 08 27, 2011
From the time we got this toy when my now 6 month old was 2 months old, it has snapped many a fussy spell with the captivating lights and music. I really like that the tunes are easy to listen to and not tinny sounding. If I had to list one or two complaints they would be that the speaker is on the back so it's not always as audible as I'd like and the button isn't easily pushed by little hands. But, overall, this toy is a GREAT value! We never go anywhere without it as it is especially useful in the car, restaurants and doctor's office waiting rooms.

Review #: 35
Date: 11 10, 2010
Fun toy, not annoying to adults. It's a good music box to turn on when she is looking at books and other images (she is 9 weeks old).

Review #: 36
Date: 06 26, 2013
Good product, Easy to use,  but only few songs, my son gets bored soon. Only suit for now. But cheap price

Review #: 37
Date: 07 18, 2013
Got for my 4 month old, it entertains him and has decent music. I just wish there was a repeat button because he doesn't know how to push the button himself yet so I have to push it for him every time.

Review #: 38
Date: 08 25, 2013
Got this as a gift when my baby was born. She still uses it almost every day in the car. The music is nice and not annoying at all which is great for parents/caregivers!

Review #: 39
Date: 08 31, 2010
Got this as a gift.  Your newborn will be amused at the sharp sounds and bright lights, all good for their development.  Small enough to take with you and put in the diaper bag too.

Review #: 40
Date: 06 21, 2013
Got this for my child because it had great reviews. I can't say this is a great product because my daughter only wants to play with her kindle.

Review #: 41
Date: 10 12, 2013
Got this on a whim at the store and it soon became my baby's favorite toy. I save it for &#34;special occasions&#34; (i.e. getting shots at the Doctor's office, screaming in the car, trying to finish that last 10 minutes of grocery shopping etc. He can hold it by himself and it's pretty durable, although did not survive getting dropped in the fountain at the mall, but I didn't expect it to. The volume is pretty loud and I like that it is classical music.

Review #: 42
Date: 01 9, 2013
Great classical music with lights and easy to hold.  My baby loves this toy!  We live 45 minutes away from the closest city and so we need good road toys for drives... this one she loves to play with and she even puts herself to sleep with the music.  I like that there are two volume levels, too.  For the price, this is a GREAT toy!!

Review #: 43
Date: 06 29, 2013
Great concept and good songs.  Only wished it had a function that played continuous music, instead of having to push the center button for each song.

Review #: 44
Date: 12 3, 2013
Great little colorful toy with great bright contrasting colors, pleasant sounding music and lights that blink in different colors.  The device is so easy for a young child to understand and although we got this toy when my son was an infant, when he was about 1, he loved to continuously push the button on front.  Even now at over two, he finds the toy occasionally and hits the button to hear the music and see the colored lights jump around.  It is a great toy to start stimulating their motor skills (pushing the button) and learning cause and effect (you push the button and you get music and lights). It is appealingly designed and well made and all that for only $10.

Review #: 45
Date: 05 8, 2013
Great little toy for my 5 month old.  He likes the bright flashing lights and seems to enjoy the music.  Lots of fun for him!

Review #: 46
Date: 05 4, 2012
Great little toy for our little girl. I look forward to using it on flights too to keep her entertained. I just hoped there would be more songs but it's still a great purchase.

Review #: 47
Date: 08 21, 2012
Great music that is fun for kids and not annoying to parents. The music does not have to be too loud and it only plays for a few seconds. Baby loves it and it saves my sanity. Plus baby loves chewing and playing with the handle. When we only want to carry one toy around, this is the one we usually go to since it has a bit of everything (able to chew, things to touch, and plays music).

Review #: 48
Date: 03 1, 2013
Great price and it has entertained my baby for months now, which is more than I can say for many of the other baby toys we own.  The music is nice- not annoying at all!

Review #: 49
Date: 08 2, 2013
Great product- I think there are about 10 short songs. If your child likes Baby Einstein videos's this is perfect - they can remember the songs that they have grown to love watching the videos.

Review #: 50
Date: 12 21, 2012
Great product. Keeps my lo interested as she loves music and the flashing lights are a great distraction. At 4 months she learnt hitting it gets it to play. At 5 months she figured out the button to hit. Really keeps her entertained. Plus easy to carry. And even at highest volume it does not get annoying but then I like classical music. Only issue, wish there was a continuous feature. The button must be pressed after each song to get the next one to start. But I didn't remove any stars as I felt it was already great.

Review #: 51
Date: 01 1, 2013
Great stroller toy or when you put them in the cart at the supermarket.  He likes to move to the music.

Review #: 52
Date: 05 30, 2013
great toy, lights up and has two different volume levels...well, 3 if you count "off" as a level. My nine month old has loved it since she was 3 months old when she got it as a gift.  I attach it to the stroller with a loop thingy I made and it has been a life saver when she gets fussy I just turn it on and it calms her right down.  Nice music

Review #: 53
Date: 12 13, 2010
Hello, and welcome to the land of musical toys. This toy can in fact be a life saver. It will keep the attention of any child for at least some length of time and can be used to shock them out of a fit. It has two setting for loudness so you can lower or raise it as need be which works well for when they are little and blasting it into their face at full volume might be scary. It also has a light display so it's kinda like baby laser Led Zeppelin with Mozart. The button is big enough that even an infant could hit it by flailing around a little. Every baby should have one. In fact every hospital should give one out along with the blankets and hats.

Review #: 54
Date: 06 17, 2013
I actually bought this for my friend's baby as part of her &#34;welcome baby&#34; gift - a basket of my son's favorite toys.  At almost 2 years, he still loves this toy!  I think the movement of the lights to the music really catches his attention (& probably teaches him a little bit about rhythm).  It plays several tunes and it even has 2 volume levels.  We use to use the lower volume when he was younger but now that he loves to play with it in the car, it's on the louder level.  Even on the louder level, it never seems to bother us adults in the front seat listening to the radio station.

Review #: 55
Date: 12 11, 2009
I also like the weight and music of this toy - it also worked well for us in a long car ride (at night) to add some light and color display :)

Review #: 56
Date: 02 28, 2012
I always take this when we go somewhere in the car, my 5 month old loves it. He can push the buttons easily and I hear him back there changing songs the whole time we are in the car. He doesn't usually like being in his car seat and this keeps him entertained and the car rides way less stressful.

Review #: 57
Date: 03 4, 2011
I am a first time mom, and my mother in law bought this for my daughter. It is absolutely fantastic and so easy to transport. MY daughter just loves it, and is transfixed when I play it for her; it has two sound levels as well: loud and soft (and neither is annoying at all).Want to know how good it works??We were getting my daughter's shots, and after receiving them we waited for the Dr. I took this puppy out and turned it on, and it calmed her down right away.Great toy for the diaper bag!Another great diaper bag toy is the Bright Starts Snuggle & Teether Lion. My daughter loves it, and again, it can be folded nice and compact and into the diaper bag for on the go.

Review #: 58
Date: 03 17, 2013
I am a new grandparent I and since we found out our son was going to have a baby, I have been preparing.  I watch current moms at stores and see what they have for their babies to play with while they are shopping and this toy seems to be very popular.  So I bought it and couldn't wait to see how our grandchild would love it.  Well he is finally here and I have used this Take Along Tunes several times already to calm him down so he will sleep.  He just lays there and watches the lights.  He is only 2 months old but he has already hit the big button to turn it on.  The music is not annoying to me beings it plays often.  very soothing for both him and me.  I love Lamaze products.

Review #: 59
Date: 12 19, 2012
I am just amazed at the quality of the sound this rugged little baby toy emits, and it's a wide choice of classical music, not the usual tinny sounds of most baby toys.

Review #: 60
Date: 01 3, 2013
I bought a lot of toys for my niece this Christmas. This toy got the most positive reaction of our her, shes 5 months old. It has sounds and music and fun colors. The size and weight are perfect. There is a lot going on in this little toy, its fun and cute. She loves it. All smiles from all of us.

Review #: 61
Date: 01 23, 2013
I bought for my grandson and he loved it. On-time delivery, very good product, and I liked the price. I recommend the seller.

Review #: 62
Date: 02 1, 2012
I bought this a few months ago for my son when he was 6 months old, and he loved it. He loved the music, and the lights. Now that he is 9 months, he loves pressing the button and activating the lights and sound for himself. And it also doubles as a teether. Great product. Plan to re-order once it becomes too battered from my son's use!

Review #: 63
Date: 07 21, 2013
I bought this a few times for gifts.  Classical music and 6+ months old like it.  Simple toy with classical tunes.

Review #: 64
Date: 09 20, 2011
I bought this as a gift for my 1 yr old nephew. He loves it!  He carries it around with him everywhere.  Great product, I absolutely recommend it!

Review #: 65
Date: 02 8, 2013
I bought this based on the great reviews. I like it enough, tho my LO seems to have no interest in it. Maybe she's too young? She's 3 mths. I guess time will tell if we can get any use out of this.

Review #: 66
Date: 03 21, 2013
I bought this for my 10mo daughter who looooves music. The toy is larger than I expected but still easy to hold and sturdy. The songs are pleasant and not annoying techno-warped versions. I even enjoy them. The OFF and volume selection button is awesome. She has been dragging it around and chewing on it for two months and it is still gowing strong. The only reason I hold back a star is because the ON button, which is the large multi-colored dial on the front, is a paper insert. Her new little teeth had scraped it almost entirely off in a few days. Other than that, its a great toy.

Review #: 67
Date: 03 2, 2011
I bought this for my 19 mo son based on the reviews of others. My son loves music, and none of his musical toys seem to play long enough. I wanted something that he could carry around the house, that played for a decent amount of time, and played a variety of music. This fits the bill, and he loves it.

Review #: 68
Date: 12 11, 2011
I bought this for my daughter when she was about 6 months old.  She is now 10 1/2 months old and still loves this toy.  This is one of her favorites.  She will play with it for minutes.  Which we all know is hours in baby land.  I love that there is a volume adjustment.  She will push the button until she gets to the song she wants to hear.  She has actually memorized the order of songs.  I would recommend this toy to everyone with a baby in their lives.

Review #: 69
Date: 05 21, 2013
I bought this for my grandson right after he was born.  He is now a year and a half old and he STILL loves this little toy.  He conducts the music when it starts to play, or else he dances.  Either way - he LOVES this!

Review #: 70
Date: 12 26, 2012
I bought this for my great niece for Christmas and I know she is small, but I also know that she will be able to get her tiny fingers around it and love listening to the music.

Review #: 71
Date: 03 9, 2013
I bought this for my niece and she loved it. She plays with it a lot and watches the show. Will recommend it.

Review #: 72
Date: 06 11, 2013
I bought this for my son when he was about four months old.  Once he figured out how to work the toy, he was in love.  He's currently nine months old and he still loves it.  I would definitely buy this again.

Review #: 73
Date: 04 12, 2013
I bought this for my son when he was a few months old and he still loves it at 18 months old!

Review #: 74
Date: 10 3, 2012
I bought this for my son when he was just a few days old.  He is now almost seven months old and it is still a favorite toy.  It is the perfect size for the diaper bag or stroller.  It soothed him when he was a fussy newborn and now entertains him as a "big boy", especially in the car or at the grocery store.  I don't know why Amazon says that this is a choking hazard because I can't find any area on the toy that he could choke on.  If you're considering purchasing it, just do it!

Review #: 75
Date: 01 21, 2011
I bought this for my son when he was only a few weeks old and it's been his favorite toy ever! It always seems to clam him down whenever he's fussy. For whatever reason, the music was also able to make him fall asleep when he was a newborn. To me, the music is kind of upbeat and not something suitable for sleeping, but whatever works to put my baby to sleep, I LIKE! Now that he just turned one, it's still his favorite toy! And I will never forget his face/smile when for the first time he figured out how to push the button and turn the music on.

Review #: 76
Date: 04 20, 2012
I bought this one after reading the reviews on Amazon.  It is a fun toy.  My baby is totally attracted by the music and the lights.  She can play with it for a while.  Even my 4-year old likes it too.  A must buy item for baby.

Review #: 77
Date: 10 25, 2013
I bought this to replace an older model from a few years ago. This is the favorite toy for distraction at doctors appointments or shots for us. My kids ages 9 months to 4 years play with it.

Review #: 78
Date: 10 17, 2012
I bought this toy for my 4 month old on the recommendation of a friend who's child also had one and loved it. When I came back today to write my review, I noticed that it is "not recommended for children under 3" because of a choking hazard? I don't see it as a choking hazard (only if it were broken, I suppose), and probably not a toy a 3+ year old would be interested in.The sound quality is good and the lights are fun, but the run time is pretty short. My 4 month old would rather chew on it, and isn't quite able to press the button herself when the song is over. it's nice and lightweight to take along with us but I wouldn't say it's as great as other reviewers. Maybe as she gets older we'll get more use out of it.

Review #: 79
Date: 06 18, 2012
I bought this toy for my daughter when she was 10-months old so that she could play her own tunes in the car. The toy is colorful and easy to use. The songs are short. Now, at 22-months old, she likes it more than ever and loves to dance to the short ditties. She tends to forget about it for a while, then rediscovers it with great joy.

Review #: 80
Date: 11 15, 2010
I bought this toy for my daughter when she was about 2 months old. She couldn't push the button herself then, but she enjoyed watching the lights. Now at nearly 9 months it is still a favorite toy, and my go-to toy when she's fussing and I want to distract her.

Review #: 81
Date: 06 22, 2013
I bought this toy for my granddaughter when she was 5 months old, it kept her attention and was helpful keeping her occupied especially when at the check out. There are many different songs along with lights flashing. It was such a hit I bought one for my grandson who is now 6 months old.

Review #: 82
Date: 07 26, 2009
I bought this toy for my son when he was a month old and it has been his favorite since then. He is now 3 months and can't go anywhere without it.

Review #: 83
Date: 12 9, 2011
I bought this toy when my son was about 6 months old, he's now 14 months and is still one of his favorites. He holds it to his right ear like a boom box and walks around the whole house. When he's restless, I give it to him and he calms down, sometimes even falls asleep. It's the perfect size/weight so that he can hold it on his own. The melodies aren't too long but he just presses the button over and over and it plays a different tune every time (I believe it has six). It's also very durable, he has banged it and dropped it endless times and it's still good as new. The sticker on the button faded though, I guess because of so much usage. It's still a great toy, very good quality and it's the best $10 bucks I ever spent.

Review #: 84
Date: 11 24, 2010
I bought this when i was still pregnant because i love all things Baby Einstein. My son is now 2 months old. When he was newborn, the lights got his attention, but then he would get over-stimulated. Now, he stares at it like he is mesmerized. I know as he gets older and can push buttons himself, he will love it even more.

Review #: 85
Date: 04 30, 2013
I bought this when my first grandchild was a baby. Five years and 3 grandchildren later, it looks and sounds as good as the day I purchased it. It appeals to a rather wide age range. They like it when they are too small to push the square to make it operate. They love it when they have the dexterity to work it themselves. When they discover they can change the tune simply by pushing the square "button", kids are delighted. The classical music is a very welcome change from some of the loud, "kiddie" tunes of other toys. I highly recommend the Baby Einstein Take Along Tunes.

Review #: 86
Date: 11 14, 2011
I bought this when my twin girls were about 3 months old. One of my girls has been fascinated with this toy every since it first arrived. She is now 10 months old and still loves the toy more than any other. I agree with others that it is not annoying, though I don't care for one of the songs. It's a great toy and the only one that one that my daughters are still not bored of after many months of playing with it.

Review #: 87
Date: 12 21, 2011
I can see why this has so many good reviews. We've been using it at diaper changes as a distraction, but she's 4 months now and is just now totally into it! She loves watching the lights go on and off and she likes to chew on the little beads. The music is fun and upbeat (definitely not lullaby style). I appreciate the volume control. It's pretty loud at full tilt! But there are two different levels you can choose. I can't believe this toy is only $8! I'd pay double for this thing.

Review #: 88
Date: 12 29, 2012
I didn't get what the hype was with this, until my son turned 16 months. Now he loves it. He takes it with him and holds it up to his ear to listen to it. It's small and portable and great. And the songs are all nice.

Review #: 89
Date: 12 5, 2011
I didn't think much of this toy when given as a gift to my 3m old son. But he's now 7m and still loves playing with it. At this age he has no idea what he's doing to turn the music on, as the button does not light up or anything when pressed, but he is mesmerized by the color and tunes nonetheless. It's perhaps a little overpriced for what it is but as far as baby is concerned, 4 stars.

Review #: 90
Date: 05 14, 2012
I don't know what it is about this toy that is so appealing to my baby.  Maybe it's the tunes-- an array of classical music-- and how the music is crisp and clear for a $10 toy.  Maybe it's the bright lights that play while the tunes are going.  Maybe it's because the button is so easy to press that my son has been able to control his music box for months.  It's small enough to just tote along with us (though it is a tad heavy).  The beads along the side are apparently quite tasty, too.  It's definitely one of my son's favorite toys, and it will consistently entertain him more than any other toy we have.  We keep it in his car seat most of the time to distract him while we buckle him in or while we're driving.  There's an off switch (important if the music box travels in my diaper bag), and a volume switch (medium and loud).  Anyway, it's probably one of the best toys we bought for my son for all of those reasons.

Review #: 91
Date: 01 26, 2013
I echo all of the accolades for this product! The sound is great and the lights are engaging. Our 10 month old loves listening, watching, and chewing on this toy. It has prob been one of the most used toys we have purchased.

Review #: 92
Date: 07 29, 2013
I gave a unfair review to this toy before now I have to change. When My baby turned 6 months old, she started to like this toy and can played it for a long time. I was wrong. I should say this toy is quiet good for older baby.Before:My baby is 4 months old . The handle is too big for her tiny hand to grab. And it is bit "heavy" for  the baby. When she lies down and plays it , it drops often on her face or chest because she cannot grab it.  She likes the moving light though.  But when she listen the music for a while, she will cry.  I guess I should let her play when she gets older.But the toy itself is in good quality.

Review #: 93
Date: 04 17, 2013
i give this toy four star bcuz my son seems like he is not in love with  it at 9 month old but my older son like to turn on the music for his little brother. i would recommend it bcuz it's a nice toy with different types of soothing music but hopefully my baby will grow to love it.

Review #: 94
Date: 09 26, 2010
I got this as a gift before my baby was born and thought- eh, maybe we'll use it sometime. I thought it looked so simple and uninteresting. Color me wrong. My daughter loves this thing. I couldn't have predicted how much she would like it. From a very early age, the music and lights would catch her attention and keep her from crying. She is now 9 months old, and still likes it very much.I could always could on this toy to keep her happy. It would stop a crying fit almost every time. It took her a while to be able to hit the button on her own, but that is just a developmental issue. Note- originally I thought that the four different colors on the button were for four different songs. They are not. You just press the whole button and it cycles through the songs. Don't try to press the different sides of the circle- it doesn't work that way.This toy seems so simple, but I think there is something about it that really appeals to infants. It is small and the music is pleasant. I highly recommend.

Review #: 95
Date: 12 20, 2011
I got this for my son about a year ago and it's been a lifesaver for car rides. Not only does it play music, but it also has different colored lights, so it has the ability to keep him entertained more than most toys. He's almost 2, so he doesn't play with it much anymore, but when he was younger, he loved it. It's also small and lightweight, which is why we usually kept it in the car/ diaper bag. I also liked that it has 2 volume settings.

Review #: 96
Date: 05 15, 2011
I got this toy because we are on the go a lot, and I wanted something that would entertain our son, but that wasn't expensive. He plays with this toy more than any of his others. It's small enough to take around everywhere. It's been dropped over 50 times I'm sure, so I can safely say it's pretty durable. Yes, the songs that it plays get stuck in your head, but it keeps him entertained, so I don't mind.

Review #: 97
Date: 10 30, 2011
I got this when my boy was 2 months old. He is almost five months now and is still in love with it. The flashing lights grab his attention and he likes to press it himself to listen to the music which by the way is not annoying or too loud...A must have for every baby...

Review #: 98
Date: 02 15, 2013
I have about 4 of these.  They are a common gift.  The colors and the music always grabs my babies attention.  The only thing that could be better about this product is that the button be easier to press.  The baby always tries to push it but doesn't have the strength behind him yet.  The music is short and catchy.  The lights play along with the music and I think thats what the babies like the most about it.  I would have saved the extra 3 I got for future gifts but the person giving this gift always seems to open it before I have a chance to say I already have a bunch.  I have had the first one for over 2 years and never had to change the batteries which is a plus.

Review #: 99
Date: 02 28, 2011
I have a five month old little girl who loves this toy. The sound is something I can handle for long periods of time, and keeps her busy for longer than I ever thought.

Review #: 100
Date: 05 21, 2013
I have an older version of this toy, but it is basically the same.  The caterpillar rings don't move and some of the images are a bit different.  It quickly became my son's favorite toy!  He learned to push the button very soon.  It was a great toy to give him in the car to occupy him during car trips to grandmas house every morning! I would highly recommend this toy! The only bad part about it is that it is rather heavy.  Sometimes he would lift the toy up and bonk himself in the head with it.  He's tough though, and it never made him cry!

Review #: 101
Date: 04 10, 2011
I have a slightly different version of this toy (no teething balls on the side) but same concept. I used links to attach it to my son's car seat since he was a a couple weeks old and it's always kept him entertained. Volume is great (2 settings) and he loves the music and lights. My only complaint is that there is no option for continuous music.

Review #: 102
Date: 12 9, 2012
I haven't even had my baby yet, but this is so cute, I find myself playing with it, while still in it's package.  It plays I think 7 songs?  They are so fun, upbeat and just lively.  Any child would love this.  My husband and I just get a kick out of it!  It's loud, but not too loud and small for little hands.  It's just adorable.  I love the music and can't get enough of it already!

Review #: 103
Date: 01 30, 2013
i have this in my vehicle for my son to play with to distract him from being fussy. he waits for me to hand it to him after he is buckled in! nothing fancy, but he enjoys the lights and sounds and i like that the music isn't the standard kids tunes.

Review #: 104
Date: 08 31, 2012
I keep this in the car for fussy times.  It also keeps my son entertained just long enough for me to get settled into the car.  Great product for the price!  I also want to mention that the sound quality is much better than other music players (for instance, the one on our FP My Little Lamb swing).

Review #: 105
Date: 11 20, 2012
i like it because:good quality sound and music (it's not annoying loud sound)the light flashing color is popping beautifully, my daughter is really look at it and she didn't blink.can punch easily. My small baby's hand can punch without using all of her energynice looking color handle.I think it's a must have for your baby.

Review #: 106
Date: 07 30, 2010
I like this toy very much.  My nearly six month old daughter can easily press the music buttons and make it go.  The colorful flashing light display when the songs are playing is great!  I also like the fact that the sound quality for a toy is pretty good and the music it plays are favorite classical pieces.  The songs also last longer than 5 seconds, which is nice.  The only reason I didn't give it a full five stars is the fact that when it's laying flat on the floor (display-side up), the music is muffled because the speaker is on the back of it.  So it has to be hanging somewhere or your baby has to hold onto it.  Overall though, this is a great toy.  I took it to a mom-and-baby group recently and all of the older babies were fighting over it.  It was the most popular toy there!

Review #: 107
Date: 10 5, 2011
I LOVE BOTH VERSIONS OF THIS TOY I HAVE AN OLDER MODEL AND A NEWER MODEL BOTH GREAT AND LONG LASTING. SHE LOVES THEM. WOULD RECOMMMEND

Review #: 108
Date: 12 7, 2012
I love that the he can hold it himself. The music is clear and has two different volume settings! So helpful when you are out in public. Makes a great shower gift

Review #: 109
Date: 06 5, 2013
I love that they updated it so that the rings on the handle move. My daughter loves hers. The music is the same as the previous version, which my son had in 2010. Baby Einstein really hit the mark when they came up with this one.

Review #: 110
Date: 08 21, 2013
I love that this toy plays classical music. My son absolutely loves it, too. And I learned that you can dance to classical music, too! Or at least he can. :)

Review #: 111
Date: 05 4, 2013
I love this for my baby.  It plays great little tunes for her, is cute,fun, lights up and plays long enough for each song.

Review #: 112
Date: 11 28, 2012
I love this little player - everything is perfect except I should save it for later. My baby is almost 5mths old and her hand movements are still not very smooth yet. So sometimes she exerts too much force, and this player almost potentially hits her head or anywhere on her face. It makes my heart jump a lot each time she plays with it. I have to be watching her like a hawk. So as not to risk anything, I have stopped giving her this player. Going to save this little guy for later when my baby's hand movements are in better control.

Review #: 113
Date: 12 4, 2011
I love this product! The toy is an excellent size for taking along in the diaper bag. The music sounds like "real" classical music; not overly babyish or cloying. The light show captivates baby. Plus, the price is so reasonable. I would definitely purchase this toy again.

Review #: 114
Date: 01 27, 2013
I love this toy and highly recommend it.  It was one of the first I bought my son at 3 months old and 6 weeks later he's still captivated.  It is small and lightweight so it travels well too.  I used it a lot during tummy time moving it side to side so my son would follow it and strengthen his neck.

Review #: 115
Date: 04 24, 2012
I LOVE THIS TOY!!  We first bought this when I had my son 3 1/2 years ago and nothing calmed him down or fascinated him like this one.  He loved the bright lights and the music is pleasant without being annoying.  There are 2 settings for volume and the product can be turned off completely.  I repurchased this toy for my 9 week old daughter and she is just as enamored with it.  I buy this gift for everyone that is having a new baby.  It's a must have!!

Review #: 116
Date: 07 3, 2013
I made the mistake of buying these for my 6 month old baby. THese aren't meant for a baby that young. The corners are pretty sharp, and she would try and chew on the blocks. A few of them she actually chewed off splinters of wood!  Owner fault here, I don't blame the makers of the blocks at all, but wanted to point this out for any other parents looking for baby blocks!!!  They are slightly larger than the Melissa and Doug blocks, which make it harder for small babies to pick up.  By now, at 10 months my daughter can easily pick them up and stack them on top of one another. However, she still puts them in her mouth and sucks on the corners. I have to watch her so that she doesn't chew on them at all!I do love these blocks. They are beautiful. when my package arrived from amazon, one of the blocks was cracked in half.  I contacted Father Goose directly and they shipped me a replacement block free of charge and it arrived within days. They didn't even ask me to return the cracked block!  Fantastic customer service!!! I couldn't be happier with this product.One thing to watch out for, is if you leave the blocks out on the floor, you WILL step on them, and they hurt when you do.  The corners are pretty sharp. But that's okay, it just gives you incentive to pick them up ;)

Review #: 117
Date: 05 7, 2011
I'm starting to think that Amazon is selling used products.  The last few toys I've had fulfilled through Amazon have come without seals or the clear plastic around them.  The product itself is great but came in less than desirable shape.  My son is so entranced by this he only cries for 5 seconds after getting his shots!  Must have.

Review #: 118
Date: 02 26, 2013
I ordered this product for my 8 month old baby girl. She likes the music and flashing lights, but there are no buttons to push. The music plays when you touch a color sticker. its ok overall, but i am not impressed.

Review #: 119
Date: 04 30, 2013
I particularly bought this product when searching for something to keep my baby amused in the car. Like most infants, she is not fond of her car seat and needs constant entertainment when she's not asleep - and this is a real challenge when it is dark in the car. This little toy does not only have great tunes that are pleasant for the baby and the parents (my husband likes them even more than our daughter!!) but it has lights that keep the baby's attention for a while.

Review #: 120
Date: 05 1, 2012
I previously purchased another toy similar to this and had to return it because you couldn't hear the music. I was hesitant with purchasing another product from Baby Einstein. But I love this toy and so does my 4m old son. It isn't too loud or too quiet, 2 volume levels and has GREAT music. I do not get annoyed by the music like other toys and he can easily hold on to it and press the button. All around a great toy and much better than the other one I purchased.UPDATE: Unfortunately, it has kicked the bucket. Slowly but surely the sound has quit... first the loudest setting went and now the lowest. Not the batteries. The music is all distorted. :( sad because still at over a yr old this is by far my sons favorite toy.

Review #: 121
Date: 12 6, 2011
I purchased the older version of this toy. It has a solid caterpillar without the rings. It is the perfect size to put into a diaper bag, take on car rides, or link to a stroller.My daughter has loved the lights and songs for over a year now. The songs are pleasant, and I like the fact the volume is adjustable. The batteries have held out amazingly long, and it has survived a few drops.I highly recommend this toy.

Review #: 122
Date: 12 19, 2012
I purchased this for a baby shower gift that was on her Amazon baby registry list.  My fourteen month old grandson has this toy already and LOVES it!  I've come to LOVE Baby Einstein products as they're quality made and very functional with the development of the baby in mind.  I recommend ANY Baby Einstein product!

Review #: 123
Date: 08 11, 2012
I purchased this for my nephew.  Before gifting it, I wanted to listen to the songs to know what he would hear.  I liked them and thought it was great.  He is now seven months old and I just saw a picture the other day with him holding it in his hand.  I think the music is stimulating while the beads offer moving parts for even more interest.  He looked like he was enjoying it very much!

Review #: 124
Date: 06 27, 2012
I purchased this on Amazon due to the high rating, and it turned out to be really helpful. My son loved this take along tunes, every time when he's fussy or cranky, i would put on the music, he would just stop crying amazingly. :)

Review #: 125
Date: 02 10, 2013
I purchased this toy because of the recommendation on Amazon and they were right. My 4 month old loves this toy. He gets so much entertainment from this and it's the first toy he started reaching for. I definitely would buy this for a friend.

Review #: 126
Date: 02 25, 2012
I purchased this toy when my son was just 3 mos old.  He was not interested in it until around 5/6mos.  Since then it had been a favorite.  I use it in the car to distract him when I am strapping him into his car seat (which he isn't too fond of).  I took a star off because my version is plastic on the handle and does not have the little teething beads which I know he would like.  I have a long trip coming up and I am thinking about buying another one with the teething beads.

Review #: 127
Date: 06 5, 2012
I read a lot of good reviews and thought my son (he was 2.5 months old when I bought it) would love it. Well, he looked at it and tried to chew it. He wasn't specfically interested in it. Now he's 5.5 months and would take about 2 to 4 minutes interest in this toy.

Review #: 128
Date: 01 7, 2012
I read the reviews about how the songs were too short, I don't think so.  This isn't designed to use as a lullabye toy, it's just for music exposure.  I think the classical musical pieces are just the right length for a baby toy--enough to catch their interest and give a feel for the piece, not enough to use as a going to sleep aid or to drive you crazy when the baby puts the toy down.  Two volume settings and an off setting (so it's not going off randomly when it hits something in the diaper bag).  My 11 month old has no trouble holding it or pushing the buttons, he's able to play with the toy by himself.  The beads don't move much--if you look you can see there isn't much extra space on the handle.  The whole thing is plastic and seems pretty sturdy.  A nice preloaded mini-song classical music player.

Review #: 129
Date: 02 24, 2013
I really like this one.  The music is better quality than most musical toys.  The songs are also longer than most toys.  My baby enjoys it.

Review #: 130
Date: 10 27, 2013
I really like this toy for my granddaughter.  She is 4 months old and is still too young to hold it herself but she likes looking at the blinking lights when the music plays.  The music is of sound quality and the volume is very nice.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is that I feel like the 4 colored beads should be a softer material for chewing on.  They're a hard plastic and don't really move very much up and down the handle.  They do spin.  There are arrows on the center button but it doesn't change the music by pushing in the direction of the arrow.  It's all just one button and changes the song by the number of times you push the button in.  The kids I'm sure think they are changing it by pushing in the arrows in a certain direction.  All in all, I would recommend it for any infant or toddler.

Review #: 131
Date: 07 20, 2011
I received this as a shower gift and have heard it is a MUST HAVE baby toy. I've seen other babies go ga-ga over it so I was happy to receive it. I like that it's MUCH lighter than it looks, my 3 month old can hold it. Only issue is....he doesn't want to! Maybe he's still a bit too young for it but at almost 4 months it doesn't get his attention. I appreciate the different volume levels and anticipate that my little guy will grow to like it more as he gets older.

Review #: 132
Date: 11 13, 2012
I received this toy from my friend's mommy's got to have bag gift. I have to say it has been great. The music is not loud or canned sounding. I would personally like a longer song since at first I have to keep hitting the start button each minute, but that's hardly a deal breaker with this toy. Within the two to four month time frame, the lights and the friendly sounds initiated and kept her attention.  For the six to eight months it became more fun for her as she could move the balls on the handle and built her cause and effect skills with the music and the changing tunes. It also became her favotie teething toy.I like how easy the buttons are to change the volume and sort through the music choices. I bring it along to my favorite breakfast caf&eacute; since the lights and the soft music keep her distracted but won't interfere with the other patrons. I like how it is easy to carry and clean.

Review #: 133
Date: 01 4, 2013
I registered for this for our baby shower, luckily we got it!  We tried it out on my son when he was 2 months old during a long car ride.  He loved it immediately.....and I was absolutely shocked when he figured out that hitting the button in the middle turned it on.  At first I thought it was just random, but we played with it again the next day and he kept hitting the button.  Pretty funny!  My mom does daycare and bought this for one of her daycare kids who is 1 year old, she also loves it.  My son is now almost 5 months old and this is still one of his favorite toys!

Review #: 134
Date: 04 5, 2013
It comes with a lot of classical tunes. It can help to catch your baby's attention for quite some time. There are 2 sound settings so depending on the noise background, you can either set it to low or high.

Review #: 135
Date: 10 25, 2012
It has taken her a while to figure out how to change or start the music, but that is all part of development. The button is easy to push, not stiff. It has two sound settings to keep us parents safe. And three flashing lights that are choreographed with the music! Entertaining for our infant, but not a long attention keeper!

Review #: 136
Date: 03 11, 2010
I think I liked this toy more than my son. I bought it when he was 3 mos. That was too early I think, cuz his arms were not that srong and sometimes he hit his head with it. The music and colors are fine. The worst thing is that sound comes from the back and when the toy is on the floor (we have carpet) u can barely hear it. Also sometimes when music is playing and u push the button to change it nothing happens (have to push it twice). Overall that's a good musical toy

Review #: 137
Date: 03 1, 2013
It is an ok toy. My 10 month old though really isn't into it as much as I though he would be. Not much to do with it I guess. He just plays with it for a second once in a great while and then just puts it down or tosses it. The battery cover part in the back is crap though. I took it off and put it back on and now it is bent weirdly for some reason. Some kids may love this or some just may not!

Review #: 138
Date: 08 16, 2013
It is a pretty cute little music player to have for a baby.  Not sure if it is a must have but it's quality of music is worth the investment.  Helps baby with music development and a good little toy to keep baby busy and entertain.

Review #: 139
Date: 12 29, 2012
It is small for us adults but perfect size for babies. Even my four year old boy plays his sister toy and he loves it too. Babies are easy to hold it! Good! And can be. Placed in bag and bring it anywhere.

Review #: 140
Date: 06 22, 2012
It is the best toy ever!!! my beby loves it, I cannot take her out of home without her Baby Einstein take along tunes. The music is relaxing, she cal also bite the toy, easy to hold, perfect!

Review #: 141
Date: 04 27, 2011
It plays songs and has flashing lights.  Our baby loved it!  We have one on the changing table to occupy her there and one in the diaper bag for anywhere else.  She showed an interest in it right from the beginning (just a few weeks old) and she still loves it at 4 months!  It is nice that it also plays for about 1 min or so at a time.

Review #: 142
Date: 11 1, 2011
Its a simple toy that plays 7 different, fast paced, classical melodies. I would prefer the melodies where slower but the makers thought "younger audience" = faster is better.Anyway, the toy does a good job of entertaining my toddler on car rides. She enjoys listening to the music and flipping through the selections, all through the push of one button.This is not a good "house" toy as its easily ignored when faced with other options but in a car with a captive audience, this things pays for itself. I keep this toy and the Elmo remote in the back pocket of the passenger seat & pull it out when she starts getting fussy.

Review #: 143
Date: 07 16, 2013
it's cheap and durable, and my baby can't seem to have enough of it. It was dropped so many times from a high chair to the floor and months later is still working fine (just had to change the batteries once). It has a volume adjuster so you can lower it enough to where baby can hear it but you don't so it doesn't drive you crazy listening to the tunes again and again.

Review #: 144
Date: 09 13, 2013
It seems like every toy has to make noise these days.  Out of the six million toys our boy has, this is one of the ones I enjoy the most. It plays several songs and all are catchy and (this is huge) not annoying. Our little man likes it because he can push the buttons and change the tune again and again.

Review #: 145
Date: 12 12, 2011
It's flashy, colorful, and melodic. Couple of classical masterpieces play when the kid pushes the button. Side beads etc serve as a great teether. I'm wondering how long the battery will last.

Review #: 146
Date: 01 3, 2013
It was requested by my d-in-l for her baby girl. It's cute and portable. Perfect to take on the road and good to hold for a baby.

Review #: 147
Date: 12 4, 2012
I used to give this to my baby as an infant to sooth him in the car but now that he is a year old he loves it even more.  He pushes the buttons over and over and dances.  This is one of his favorite toys.

Review #: 148
Date: 07 2, 2009
I use it to charge BB 8900 (which requires MicroUSB charger) with a mini USB charger, and it works well.

Review #: 149
Date: 09 18, 2012
I use this as a car toy and both my 1-yr-old and 4-yr-old like it (it was a gift for the younger one at age 6 months).  It has good sound quality unlike a lot of baby music toys.  It has fallen onto the floor and out of the car numerous times and is still going.  Replaced the battery once after about 6 months of use.  I like that it has 2 volume settings although the kids figure that out quickly and turn it louder.  The button is nice and big for little, uncoordinated hands and does not take a lot of pressure or accuracy to push.

Review #: 150
Date: 11 19, 2013
I was looking for an item to add to my order to qualify it for free shipping.. I RESEARCH EVERYTHING before I buy it for my child, I'm so glad I came across this little toy. My LO loves bright colors, sounds and lights. This has it all. It's simple, push the middle button and it lights up and plays some tunes. It doesn't have that annoying one song repeated over and over, surprisingly it has quite a few different melodies. He is only 3 months and he can press the button himself, and the little handle is great for him to grip on. So far its distracted him quite a few times during a fussy moment. I'm sold!

Review #: 151
Date: 07 16, 2013
I was very disappointed when my 5 month old threw this toy to this side. She didn't even look at it twice. Maybe when she gets a little older and is able to push the buttons she will like it. It got really rave reviews but who knows all babies are different.

Review #: 152
Date: 07 31, 2013
Just got this couple days ago and so far my 2 month old baby likes it! Keeps his attention on it and is small enough to stuff in the diaper bag too! Love how everything is so compacted in such a small toy!

Review #: 153
Date: 11 29, 2010
Like most reviewers, I agree this is an excellent way to calm a baby down. We carry this in our diaper bag all the time for car rides.  When our 6 month old starts getting fussy, I whip this out and it entertains him until we get to where we're going or it soothes him to sleep.  We started using this when he was 2 or 3 months old for that purpose too.  Now that he can grab, he likes to push the button himself and chew on the sides.  It's the perfect size for little hands to hold on to yet small enough to fit in the diaper bag.  The lights are nice and bright and the sound quality is great. When the grandparents visit, they always say the music gets stuck in their head's!Overall the quality of the product is good; it gets a rough beating from a baby.

Review #: 154
Date: 11 20, 2013
Little ones will have a blast grabbing this by the handle, shaking it around, and pressing the button to play the &#34;Baby Einstein&#34; music. In my opinion, this is just right for when they're learning sounds and start grabbing things to shake them around. Short life span basically, but when it is being used, its nice to have.

Review #: 155
Date: 02 26, 2013
LO loves this thing. He just stares at the lights as they dance to the music. The music, by the way, gets a little repetitive but is at least nice. This is probably the only toy I have for my 4.5 month old that always seems to make him happy. I'm sure he will love it even more once he eventually figures out how to push the button and make it play over, and over, and over....and over......and over.

Review #: 156
Date: 11 27, 2012
Love the toy. Helps me feed the baby,lol.  She pushes on the circle and it plays music.  Not too heave like some toys. Girl is 7 month now.

Review #: 157
Date: 09 23, 2009
Love this little toy for traveing in the car. Emersyn plays with it alot and loves the lights that change and create a Kaleidoscope of colors that both fascinate her and cause er to chatter! A great take along toy!

Review #: 158
Date: 05 15, 2012
Many toys that were givento my newborn have long since been tossed aside, but this little music maker he still loves. The lights keep him entertained in a dark car, the music seems to soothe him...and best of all it does not drive Me nuts. It plays several different tunes, all catchy, on two different volumes. We have been very happy with the purchase. We did have to replace the factory batteries after five months...but that seemed an okay length of time given how much it's soothed him and that he's played with it since his arrival. :)

Review #: 159
Date: 12 17, 2013
melodies are very attractive for babies, its portable ans compact , you can carry everywhere you want, simply #1 for us.

Review #: 160
Date: 12 16, 2011
My 10 month old fell in love with this toy the moment she got it! She was dancing to the music and carrying it around with her. I haven't seen her this excited over a toy before. No wonder though. It has an easy-to-push button, flashing lights, upbeat songs, and easy-to-grab handle. Great product!

Review #: 161
Date: 05 23, 2013
My 10 month old loves this toy! The button is easy to push and the melodies are fun and not annoying like other toys.Highly recommend.

Review #: 162
Date: 12 24, 2012
My 2 months old loves music and this lil' toy does the trick on the go. We use it when he cries in the car and it usually catches his attention for a good 5-10 mins (which is a lot!).

Review #: 163
Date: 09 20, 2011
My 3 mo loves the lights, she can't grasp it yet because the handle has the beads and it's a little heavy for her, but she watches the lights!

Review #: 164
Date: 01 24, 2013
My 3 month old loves watching the lights flash on this which I call his baby &#34;ipod&#34;. My only complaint is that we have a lot of different Baby Einstein products and all of them have the same songs but it doesn't seem to bother him at all so I love it!

Review #: 165
Date: 11 8, 2009
My 4 month old daughter has loved this toy since she was about 2 months old. The colors are the main thing that get her attention and the music is great too. The only issue is that it is still a little heavy for her to hold on her own.

Review #: 166
Date: 01 20, 2012
My 4 month old is seriously obsessed with this toy. The music is catchy and the flashing lights keep him constantly entertained. I do wish it was a little lighter as it is a little heavy for him but it'll get easier to hold as he grows. I do like that it has a 2-setting volume control so it's not always ridiculously loud.This toy is my cure-all for crankiness. When my son is fussing, I just hold this up to his face and it distracts him enough to where he often forgets that he was upset.

Review #: 167
Date: 12 15, 2011
My 4 month old loves this toy.  He loves the lights, and I like that it plays real classical music.  I needed something to distract him when I can tell a tantrum is coming up, and it worked day one.  It will also be super handy for traveling because it easily fits in the diaper bag.  He's just learning to hold things without punching himself in the face with it, and the handle on this toy will be good for him.  I love it!

Review #: 168
Date: 07 25, 2012
My 4 month old son loves this! Whenever we play it for him he gets a big smile on his face from the lights and the music.

Review #: 169
Date: 08 30, 2012
My 5 month old daughter seems to really enjoy music lately, so I was looking for toys that played music but weren't too tinny or obnoxious. I saw this and was hesitant that the music might be annoying or loud, but with all the great reviews, I took a chance. I'm really glad I did! The music is nice and there are two volume settings. My daughter loves watching the lights and always reaches out to grab it (and immediately put it in her mouth), and will play with the beads on the handle, as well. A great buy!

Review #: 170
Date: 04 12, 2013
My 5 month old granddaughter likes this toy for the music and the lights.  Nice classical tunes.  I wish each tune played a little longer though.

Review #: 171
Date: 05 8, 2013
My 5 month old is finally strong enough to hold this by himself. He loves the lights and sounds and its his favorite toy.

Review #: 172
Date: 03 3, 2011
My 6 month old son LOVES this toy!  It's easy to hold and he enjoys the music and the lights.

Review #: 173
Date: 08 1, 2012
My 8 mnths son loves this toy. The tunes are nice and they dont give me a headache.. lol I will definitely recommend this purchase.

Review #: 174
Date: 01 18, 2011
My 8 month old loves the lights and classical tunes! The colorful handle and small-ish size are easy for her to grip. This toy takes a beating and plays like new every time. WHen she starts to lose interest in her other toys or when in the car, I just activate this and she's happy for as long as it plays. The only issue she has is pressing the button. I thought, because of its large size, it would be relatively easy for her to activate on her own. The button takes a little force and, even though she's had it for 5 months, she still has difficulty turning it on herself. It would also be nice if the tunes played a little bit longer, or had the option for short and extended play time, but that wouldn't stop me from recommending this item to any parent.

Review #: 175
Date: 01 15, 2011
My 8 month old loves this -- it holds his attention longer than most of his other toys.  He has figured out how to play the music, which he hasn't yet done for most of the other ones, and the music is so pleasant so I don't even mind when it is played over and over.  My only wish is that the handle were made of a softer plastic or rubber or something because he loves to chew on everything and he only chews on this for a second because it is a hard plastic.

Review #: 176
Date: 08 1, 2012
My 8mo old daughter loved this product when I purchased it for her. She is constantly pressing the button to hear her tunes at her leisure and I give it to her everytime we go for a ride in the car. She is now 1yr and a month old and still enjoys playing with this toy. Great buy!

Review #: 177
Date: 12 10, 2013
My babies LOVED this!!!!! Fun music and lots of lights to keep your little one entertained. I actually like the music too.

Review #: 178
Date: 08 1, 2013
My baby currently has zero interest in this toy.  Was actually the first toy that she literally threw across the backseat after I gave it to her.  She's not a fan of many plastic toys (prefers to soft material toys), so that might be the problem.  It has lots of musical options and is a good size for taking along in the car, so I still like it.

Review #: 179
Date: 03 24, 2010
My baby girl likes this toy. It helps her to eat and entertains her in a crib and/or her baby gym.

Review #: 180
Date: 01 6, 2012
My baby got this as a baby shower gift, and we used it from the time he came home to help him sleep (on the softer mode) - literally, in the middle of a crying spell, if we popped this thing on, the baby would stop and be enthralled!Now he is 16 months old, and it is STILL a favorite for him! It has to be in the diaper bag or attached to his stroller at all times! He has been able to really use it himself for the past couple months (pushing the button solo) and it is like a constant little tune coming from the backseat of the car!My son loves it so much, that we bought another to have as a "back-up" in case anything happens to the first one! And, to counter some of the reviews about it breaking easily, I haven't had that experience at all - my baby drops it off his high chair, it got caught in the car seat attachment once, and it gets accidentally dropped here and there (and we have ceramic tile flooring - very hard!) - and it takes a lickin' and keeps on twinkling!Overall, I love this toy because of the joy it gives my son!

Review #: 181
Date: 05 10, 2013
My baby has loved this toy since she was just a few weeks old (now 7 months). When she was inconsolable this would catch her attention and calm her. She still likes watching the lights and seems to enjoy the music, which actually sounds really good for a toy. It's not tinny or annoying like so many kids' toys. I have started buying these as baby shower gifts.

Review #: 182
Date: 07 11, 2011
My baby has loved this toy since the day he got his hands on it.  The lights and music are just the thing to stop him in his tracks when he is crying sometimes.  We call this his "ipod."  It's easy for him to keep hold of and carry around.  When other babies and toddlers are at our house, this seems to attract them too.  Someone is always carrying it around.  The music is not annoying at all.  Also, I love that there is a switch to turn the toy off, on low volume, or on high volume.  Great little toy!  I will be gifting this to friends having babies.

Review #: 183
Date: 06 6, 2013
My baby is high maintenance.  She requires attention and activities to occupy her time.  Sometimes she will start a crying spell, and only this toy can take her out.  I'm not sure if its the melody or the colorful flashing lights, but this does the magic trick!  I like that the songs are full version, not a short 20-30 second version that is typical of other baby toys.  Also great that it has an off button, so baby can play with it without all the noise.  Also has a quiter/louder button, which is useful when we want it to play quieter in our home, but louder in a store with other distractions.The music is not annoying to hear over and over again.  Most importantly, it keeps the baby occupied, happy and that is worth gold for parents.  I love it so much, I purchased one for home, one for car, one for grandma's.  Yes, its that awesome that I don't want to be without it!

Review #: 184
Date: 12 26, 2012
My baby loved it.. several songs with all that colourful lights. Cheap and small. classic songs that makes the baby pay a lot of attention.

Review #: 185
Date: 08 2, 2012
My baby loves it. Completely worth the investment..already played for so much time and was able to sooth.Two volume settings works good. More settings would be nice though.To manufacture if you can remove the paper on the button it will be very nice. As baby puts it in mouth time to time I am always worried about that paper and color going in...:(

Review #: 186
Date: 08 16, 2013
My baby LOVES this. I hold it in front of her during tummy time and she will hold her head up higher and much longer to look at the lights.

Review #: 187
Date: 08 1, 2012
My baby loves this! It has been great since pretty much the day she was born to now - 14 months old! We call it her 'radio' and she loves pushing the button to change the tune. I can't imagine why the product listing says it has small parts and is not for children under 3 - huh? this is a great little toy and I think every kid needs one!

Review #: 188
Date: 11 29, 2012
My baby loves this toy and gets excited every single time it plays music.  Best price I could find out there!

Review #: 189
Date: 11 29, 2012
My baby LOVES this toy. I got it for her when she was about a month and a half old. She loved it right away and it wasn't long before she figured out that the button makes it play the music. This toy is great; we never leave the house without it! No obnoxious baby music. Volume options are great. The lights are a nice touch, especially in the car at night. I also have a 13-year-old son and he loves playing with his baby sister with this toy and it even reminded him how much he enjoyed classical music when he was younger and now he's asking me for piano lessons! Basically, the whole family loves this toy.Bottom line: YOU HAVE TO GET THIS!!! If you pick only one small noise-making toy for your baby, pick this one!

Review #: 190
Date: 09 16, 2012
My baby loves this toy. It has really helped me a lot of times when he's a bit fussy, i turn it on and it distracts me...he forgets what he was fussy about hehe.

Review #: 191
Date: 08 23, 2013
my baby's favorite toy. she loves the music.. it gets her attention even when she's screaming.. a little bit heavy for her to carry, but i put it under her feet and she keeps kicking till the music plays and she feels like she achieved something :)

Review #: 192
Date: 10 29, 2013
my baby started playing with this when he was 6 months old, and continues to love it and use it everyday at 15 months. Music changes so it isn't too annoying to adults who have to listen to it over and over and over....

Review #: 193
Date: 08 3, 2012
My daughter absolutely loves this toy.  She squeals with delight every time I press the button.  She's too little to press it herself (or to use it unsupervised since she still has some flailing arms and I don't want her to hit herself with it as it is hard plastic), but she just loves this toy.  I'm pretty sure it's her favorite!

Review #: 194
Date: 04 23, 2012
my daughter didn't play with this for a long time and it was disheartening, but it turns out, she was just too little!  she loves to play with this toy, especially during diaper changes!  it keeps her occupied!!  great toy!

Review #: 195
Date: 03 22, 2012
my daughter got this as a Christmas gift and she was six months old at the time. She plays with it sometimes and the music isn't obnoxious. I like that it has two volume levels. The blinking lights are fun for her. Her favorite part seems to be the beads on the handle, she really likes to chew on those.She is 9 months now and has had this toy for a few months and I'd say it was a decent purchase but if I had to buy it again would I? Meh- if I had extra money to spend with a gift card for her or something? Maybe. But it didn't wow us the way some others have just loved it.

Review #: 196
Date: 10 3, 2012
My daughter is almost 7 months old, and we purchased this toy based on the reviews that it keeps the baby entertained while in the car. She does seem to like the toy but hasn't really figured out how to push the buttons and make the music play, so I'd say it's maybe better suited for older babies. I like that it plays nice classical tunes and not obnoxious music.

Review #: 197
Date: 12 15, 2011
My daughter is seven weeks old so she doesn't really play with much at the moment, but the music has seemed to keep her entertained! Certainly a toy I think she will play with for a while! Especially when she gets a little older and can hold onto it better and play with the buttons herself!

Review #: 198
Date: 02 18, 2012
My daughter likes putting the toy in her mouth, pressing the music button and waiving it around.  The songs are catchy too, but could be louder since the speaker is on the back of the toy.

Review #: 199
Date: 05 13, 2013
My daughter loves music and so this helps when she is getting fussy. It also helps if I need a few minutes to get some stuff done without her.

Review #: 200
Date: 01 21, 2013
My daughter loves this so much, I bought a second one for the car.  I love that all of the music is classical, and it teaches baby to appreciate classical music.  She loves the lights as well. I highly recommend it.

Review #: 201
Date: 12 28, 2011
My daughter loves this toy! I take it with me all the time - it's a must have toy. She loves the music and lights, but also enjoys chewing the handle. It is a good size for her to be able to hold it (the handle is not too bulky to grasp) and it holds her attention for a long time. I bought this toy for my niece as well since my daughter loves it so much! Sound is good and I haven't had any problems with it.

Review #: 202
Date: 05 31, 2013
My daughter loves this toy! We got it as a gift.  I thought that it would be too hard or too heavy, but she is in love with it.  To calm her down, you just have to push the button.  I love that the toy has two volume settings.  We always use the lower one.  It's nothing fancy, but she plays with this toy, and actively seeks this toy out!

Review #: 203
Date: 06 12, 2013
My daughter was so mesmerized by the twinkling colorful lights and the catchy classical tunes that she would bat her arms and legs to it starting 3 months when we got it.  Now, she's 8 months and she loves to chew on the little face or the handle, can press the button on her own to start the song or change it, carries it around while crawling, etc.  It's always in our diaper bag when we're out and about to help curb those untimely crying spells.. what a great distraction.. and a great buy!

Review #: 204
Date: 12 21, 2011
My four-month-old nephew loves this music player. He can be fussy and as soon as you pull this out, he is mesmerized by the lights and tunes. As other parents have mentioned, the songs are not irritating. The addition of the lights and volume settings is a great idea.One word of caution - if your baby likes to lie on his or her back and play with toys, make sure they have good hand and arm skills before you hand them this toy. Why? It's heavy - at least the version I have is. If a baby is grasping this over their head while lying down and then drops it on themselves.... ouch! That will be a big clunk.I use this with my nephew (who I babysit) by holding it for him. Once he develops better hand/arm skills I will let him play with it on his own.A wonderful toy that is ALWAYS in the diaper bag.

Review #: 205
Date: 09 2, 2013
My four month old really likes this toy, but I have a few complaints.Pros:Music sounds really nice, very good sound qualityTwo volume levels, and the quiet one isn't too loudNice lights that my son lovesMusic plays for a long time after you push the button (around 45 seconds) - can be a pro or a con (see below)On/off switchCons:It's hard to hold. There's a handle, but the handle has 4 beads on it, which pretty much fill the handle. So little hands can't really use the handle. This is a pretty big con for me, because I want to give my kid something he can hold.The music plays for a long time. I can see that as being a pro if you want to push the button, give it to your kid, and let them listen and watch the lights. But I want to use it as a cause/effect toy - that is, he pushes the button, the music plays. But the music plays for so long that I have to wait a long time to try to get him to push it again. It's easily solved, I just turn it off using the on/off switch after about 10 seconds. But if you're using this as a cause/effect toy, the length of time that the music plays can be kind of annoying.Overall, great toy that my son loves.

Review #: 206
Date: 01 18, 2013
My four-month son loves this toy!  When nothing else will calm him down this does the trick.  We call it our miracle toy.

Review #: 207
Date: 08 24, 2013
My granddaughter enjoys the music and lights and its just a fun compact toy she can hold. Very happy with the purchase.

Review #: 208
Date: 03 17, 2013
My granddaughter loves the flashing lights and the music and she can easily hold it to put the handle into her mouth.

Review #: 209
Date: 12 24, 2012
My granddaughter loves the tunes and likes the handle to grab and shake. The product functions well and was as described.

Review #: 210
Date: 09 24, 2013
My granddaughter loves this radio so much that I bought a second one to keep at my house.  The tunes are cute and not at all too loud.  It has a button to play it softer or louder.

Review #: 211
Date: 03 16, 2012
My granddaughter loves this. She carries it around on her shoulder and has learned how to turn it on. (She's 9 months old!) It's lightweight and the music is wonderful. One of the best toys we've bought her!

Review #: 212
Date: 01 2, 2013
My grandson loves this toy! Great for younger babies too. I would say 6 months and up.  He likes to walk around with the music on.

Review #: 213
Date: 11 12, 2012
My husband bought this for our baby and he loves music, however, he finds the flash lights too bright and had lost interest in it fairly quickly. We think it is probably hurting his eyes too much.

Review #: 214
Date: 06 27, 2013
My husband is very picky about music. He loves the music on this toy. It's not annoying and I'm glad it's not the typical baby music. My son loves the sound and lights. It's a great buy for the price!

Review #: 215
Date: 12 15, 2013
My kid loves this!  He always enjoys pressing the button and then trying to eat the handle...  It's a great toy for the car:)

Review #: 216
Date: 02 8, 2010
My little girl loves her Takealong tunes. She loves watching the lights flicker across the screen. The songs are also great because they are a bit longer than most. Also they don't have that tinny, annoying synthesizer sound that can be so annoying. It is a great way to keep her busy. Also it plays classical music which is a bonus. One of the best toys I have ever bought. We gave it to her when she was 6 months and she still loves it.

Review #: 217
Date: 10 5, 2013
My little one is 3 months old and has JUST started enjoying our car rides and cruising around town in his car seat while attached to our stroller. That being said, we still encounter some rough times and this little music maker has been the one gem that softens those cries and brings my happy baby back! He is just so taken with these beats and instantly stops crying and intently listening to the music. It's an absolute must at less than $10 - do yourself and your baby a favor!

Review #: 218
Date: 09 18, 2010
My little one likes the tunes.  It's small and easy to toss in the diaper bag.Amazon had the best price and because I ordered with a couple of other things I got free shipping!

Review #: 219
Date: 11 6, 2013
My mom had this toy at her house for my nephew to play with and he loved it! So I bought it for my 5 month old to play with at our house. She could care less... Different responses from different babies. I love the music it plays, just wish my daughter was more interested.

Review #: 220
Date: 01 23, 2013
My nine-week-old son already enjoys his take-along tunes toy. He likes to stare at the lights and listen to the music. A couple of times, he has started fussing when a song ended, and stopped when I played another on it for him. My nearly-three-year-old thinks it's pretty neat, too, so I expect it to keep the baby's attention for quite some time. Also, it has two different volume settings -- a plus for parents tired of noisy toys that blare without any volume control. This is a good toy, especially for the price.

Review #: 221
Date: 06 4, 2013
My peanut loves this toy! just looking at it makes her smile and giggle.  This toy has to be with me anytime we are out.

Review #: 222
Date: 07 11, 2013
My six month old and his two year old cousin both use it throughout the day...just doesn't seem to get old!

Review #: 223
Date: 02 18, 2011
My six month old loves this toy - he figured out how to use it super easy and loves to play with it! It has some great wee tunes that we all know and sparkly lights that he is fasinated with! It's also very light so that he can pick it up etc.

Review #: 224
Date: 05 27, 2012
My son absolutely loves Baby Einstein Take Along Tunes....from the instant he got it when he was 6 months old. 2 months later he still loves listening to the tunes and teething on the colorful beads. We take it everywhere we go!

Review #: 225
Date: 04 7, 2013
My son adores the flashing lights and the music.  I just wish it would play continuously because he isn't old enough to push the button himself.  But for playtime it is perfect and always captures his attention.

Review #: 226
Date: 01 6, 2012
My son is 10 weeks old, and he was about 8 weeks when I got this. I started by showing it to him and playing the songs. He liked the lights and the music would catch his attention. Now at 10 weeks he is still too young to push the buttons himself, but he's starting to reach out his arm towards it, as if trying to imitate the button pushing. Watching his development has been a lot of fun, and the price is more than reasonable. I can't wait until his motor skills catch up!The sound quality is good, the lights are not too bright or flashy (but enough to be attention-grabbing for baby), and the handle has colorful rattles that also get baby's attention.I didn't give this 5 stars because I wish this had a auto-replay setting for times when you want to use the toy as a way to keep babies who can't yet push the buttons calm and entertained for more than a few seconds at a time.

Review #: 227
Date: 08 16, 2012
My son is 14 months old and he still LOVES playing with it!!!I bought this when he was an new born, the music has always soothed both my son and myself =) He loves pressing the button and watching the colored lights on the small screen. It also allows him to practice learning his colors...I would highly recommend this product!!!

Review #: 228
Date: 06 18, 2012
My son is 3 1/2 months old and this has been his favorite toy since he was 2 months old.  I love it because it plays beautiful music and it lights up which entertains my little guy.  I like it because we can clip this above on his play mat or put this in his bouncy with him.  He just loves it and always makes noises when he wants me to press the music again.  I would highly recommend this for new infants or presents for a baby shower.  Mine was given as a baby shower gift.  We absolutely love it!

Review #: 229
Date: 05 15, 2013
My son is at the age where he enjoys lights and sounds. This is a great toy for that purpose, but I wish there was an option to play more than one clip at a time without having to hit the button as holding him and trying to press the button can become cumbersome.

Review #: 230
Date: 08 24, 2011
My son likes the music and the flashing colors.  I just wish it didn't have to be pushed so hard to get the music going. Now that he is ten months old it's not much of a problem. But when he was younger I would have loved to have it be a little more sensitive.

Review #: 231
Date: 08 18, 2010
My son loves this.  It was a baby shower gift from a friend who's son also loved it.  I don't know if its the music, the blinking lights, or a combination of both, but he cannot put this toy down.  He seems to want to shake it a lot (too bad it doesn't have the iPod shuffle when shake feature ;), and he likes to bite the handle (currently teething).  All in all a great toy.

Review #: 232
Date: 03 10, 2013
My son loves this thing. He likes that it plays music and it lights up. He is 13 months old. I would have to say of his 200 toys to choose from, he would pick this every time. Highly recommend

Review #: 233
Date: 11 26, 2013
My son LOVES this toy, he will actually cry when the music stops because he enjoys it so much.  I highly recommend this toy to all moms and dads.  It will help buy you a few extra minutes of peace when out shopping or driving in the car.  Construction is great and we've had it for months and haven't had to replace the batteries yet. Fantastic purchase!

Review #: 234
Date: 09 17, 2013
my son loves this toy. his eyes lights up in delight when he sees this toy. at 5 months he can press the buttons and change the songs. the songs are very pleasant to listen to.

Review #: 235
Date: 07 22, 2011
My son recieved this for his first Christmas and he was just over 5 months. Before long he started to put it in his mouth, as babies do, and the paper sticker unglued. He didn't choke on it, thank heaven, like that other child in the reviews. So now the button is just covered in glue which I was going to try removing with Goo Gone, but then I'm worried about that being left on there even after I clean it off.  He was completely in awe of it though, always stopped the crying and was great to bring out in public. I did worry too about the brightness and speed of the flashing lights but tried to use it in moderation and not let him hold it too close to his face. Anyways, if this sticker didn't come off it would be a great toy. I've even contemplated buying him the new version and replacing the old one, but the new version's sticker is also paper so I won't spend my money on it. A shame too, even now at 11 months he still loves it in the store. How hard would it be to make the whole button colored plastic. Geez.

Review #: 236
Date: 01 25, 2012
My two month old son loves this toy. We can easily take it with us in the diaper bag and pull out in the car or when we're out and about. He loves to wiggle and coo to the music. I just wish it had a continuous play mode. You have to push the button to play each tune. Overall, this was a great buy for a little baby!

Review #: 237
Date: 02 11, 2013
Nice melodies, easy to use and my kid loves baby einstein, i would recommend this one. a simple tpoy to take along

Review #: 238
Date: 06 5, 2013
Nice music nice quality nice colors... My baby is now 8 months old got this for him at 4 months old he loves it so much! Great toy to buy for your baby. Easy to push the button theirselves too!

Review #: 239
Date: 01 20, 2011
Nice Music .. not too loud and annoying ..My baby(6 month)loves the music and bouncing lights.The best is that it's portable you can hang it anywhereand carry with the baby.

Review #: 240
Date: 06 23, 2013
Of all of the developmental toys I have for children to play with, this is a favorite. It's bright lights and different musical options are sensational. As an adult, I am pleased that the music isn't annoying. It is actually pleasant.

Review #: 241
Date: 11 4, 2013
OMG! I actually went googling for 'non annoying kids music toys' and this was top of the list. So I tried it for myself, and have since bought one for many friends and family who have babies. It has I believe 12 different classical tunes, and it plays a good chunk of each piece (versus annoying toys that play really small snippets and leave you wanting more, like the ice cream truck that only plays the first part of Pop Goes the Weasel and drives you mad trying to get you to purchase their products and make them go away). We've listened through many 7 hour car rides to this toy. When my 20 mos son was younger he'd fall asleep to it. Now it still stays in his crib, and we still hear him some nights pushing the button until he falls asleep. I even caught my uncle who's picky about children's musical toys walking around my house with this toy to his ear listening to each piece... and no it wasn't to cover up my son's crying at the time. So if you only buy one musical &#34;toy&#34; buy this one.

Review #: 242
Date: 09 22, 2012
Our 8.5 month old son is in LOVE with this. He has had it for about 3 months & he never tires of it. BUY IT. Don't hesitate.He was a SCREAMER in the car and it was horrible. I started keeping the sweet little radio in the car and he hasn't cried since. It now lives in the car and the sheer joy that comes over himWhen I whip it out is priceless! He can easily keep the tunes going and always falls asleep clutching it. Plus te songs are long and not too cheap/annoying to hear!

Review #: 243
Date: 01 29, 2013
Our 8 month old plays with this every time he's in the car. He loves the lights & music! He also loves to chew on it and move the pieces :)

Review #: 244
Date: 08 17, 2011
Our baby is 8 weeks old now and is totally into anything that lights up and plays music. He absolutely LOVES this toy and it will keep him mesmerized for quite a while. My only complaint is that is does not have a continuous play option, you have to keep hitting the button after every song. This will not be a problem in a little while when the baby learns to push the button himself though.

Review #: 245
Date: 07 20, 2011
Our baby is just 6 weeks old and starting to pay attention to lights and sounds.  I like how compact this is and the quality of the classical tunes (with a baby spin) on the item.  Right now he just watches and listens intently, but I have a feeling he will really start to enjoy it as he gets older.

Review #: 246
Date: 05 11, 2013
Our baby loves music so I knew I had to have this. He can chew on the little caterpillar while pressing the button to hear some music. We take it everywhere. Plus anything Baby Einstein makes is the best. A must buy!

Review #: 247
Date: 02 15, 2009
Our baby loves the lights on this - it's a great toy to keep baby entertained during shopping trips or anytime you're worried your baby might wake up fussy & need an attention grabber.  I wish the music played a little louder, though.

Review #: 248
Date: 01 14, 2013
Our baby loves the sound of the music, it soothes her and whenever she is fuzzing about going to sleep it helps her fall asleep. She also loves to look at the lights, but even when she doesn't look at the lights she is still entertained by it. She hates tummy time, but when i provide her this toy, she almost forgets that. I have to say that we even love the 7 songs and i also believe them to be the perfect length, some of the fisher price toys have songs that i believe are too short.

Review #: 249
Date: 01 23, 2012
Our baby loves this music player. It produces good quality music and our 3 month old loves staring at the light show. Our friend's 16 mon old also loved this toy when he saw my baby's.The only drawback is it doesn't play continuously. It plays only one short song at a time.

Review #: 250
Date: 08 9, 2013
Our baby loves this toy. It has lots of great classical melodies that aren't annoying. She loves to watch the lights and listen to the songs. It really helps keep her calm in the car seat.

Review #: 251
Date: 12 27, 2012
Our boy, now 17 months, got this as a hand-me-down when he was maybe 10 months old.  It TRANSFORMED car trips.  We keep it in the car, which he used to hate riding in.  Now when he gets to play with this music/lights/plastic thing whenever he's in the car.  It can keep him entertained for quite some time.  The songs are classical, so pretty innocuous.  We don't let him watch TV or play with any other battery operated toys, so part of that is the novelty.  We took it on a plane trip when he was about 10 months and this kept him fascinated for a while.  The model we have has two volume settings, and the lower setting could barely be heard over the din of the plane's white noise.

Review #: 252
Date: 08 31, 2013
Our daughter fell in love with this toy when she was around 4 months old, and her love for this thing has only become a borderline obsession. When she was little bitty I think she mostly loved the lights, but now that she's almost a year old she loves the music. She plays with this thing so much throughout the day. SHe plays it while she looks at books or plays with her dolls. I can't recommend this toy enough.

Review #: 253
Date: 03 26, 2013
Our girl (18 months) has had this toy for about 3 months now, and she loves it!  It plays 7 different songs, and the songs are farely long. Our daughter used to love to just click on the button to switch from one song to another, now she actually listens to the songs and dances. Batteries are still good, we haven't replaced them yet, and the toy been dropped accidentally multiple times, and still works good. So I would definitely recommend this one!

Review #: 254
Date: 07 20, 2012
Our Granddaughter is 6 months old now and has played with this toy for the last 4 months.  First we turned it on and she loved the music and colorful lights, just watched and listened.  Then she could turn it on sometimes by batting at it and still loved the music and colorful lights.  Now she can turn it on intentionally, still sometimes, but more often and she still loves it.  We love it too as it always pleases her and at times is the only thing that soothes her.  She also chews on the handle and the little round red "buds" on the Einstein head.  Certainly have got our moneys worth and the original battery still works.

Review #: 255
Date: 09 26, 2013
Our great grandson who is 6 months old has been playing with this since 4 months. He can play it himself and is really entertained by it.  Would highly recommend.

Review #: 256
Date: 02 20, 2013
Our son just loves this product. At first we bought this as it was on the list of amazon best seller baby products.  Guess what, we went back and ordered one more. Now we have one for the car and one for the house. Most of the times when he is fussing, this thing always comes handy. Nice long tunes and attractive color with music co-ordinated lights.Definitely recommend for all newborns and infants.

Review #: 257
Date: 03 10, 2013
Our ten month old loves this toy.  He uses the handle as a teether and rattle, and also likes listening to the music.  The volume is perfect (not too loud), and the songs are pleasant, even when you are hearing any of them for the tenth time that day.  The songs are just music, no words.  The cutest thing is when our son puts it up to his ear and sort of sways to the music :)We have had this for about three months I think, but it is only in the last month that he has really shown an interest in the music part - he has loved chewing on it since we got it.  It is the perfect size for little hands, and apparently the caterpillar head feels good on teething gums.

Review #: 258
Date: 08 25, 2013
perfect lil travel toy.  my baby just loves this...i keep it attached to her car seat for traveling and she plays w it the whole time dancing

Review #: 259
Date: 12 14, 2013
Please buy this toy for your own sanity.  It was the only toy for both of our kids as babies that would stop them from crying in the car.  Take it along in the diaper bag at all times! :)

Review #: 260
Date: 01 24, 2011
Pros: durable, fun for baby/toddler, portable, easy to use and hold onto for babies, enjoyed by children through many developmental stages infant-toddler, classical music rather than annoying singing like most musical toys, and inexpensiveCons: repetitive songs (only about 5) can get on your nerves, would be nice if the music came with a switch to calm classical music for quieter times.Great shower/birth gift!

Review #: 261
Date: 03 19, 2012
PROS:Light weightEasy for the baby to holdBright changing lightsThe song changes when you hit the button (in case mommy or daddy can't stand a particular tune)CONS: NAAdvice: I move it slowly from side-to-side so my baby learns to track things with her eyes.Would I recommend it? Yes! I didn't think I, nor my baby, would love it as much as we do.

Review #: 262
Date: 04 2, 2012
Pros:- The toy plays pleasant classical music.- Volume is good.  Not too loud.- Easy for a small baby to play with.  Even some 4-5 month olds can possibly be able to push the button to start the music.- There's an on/off switch, so you can toss it in the diaper bag and have a reasonable hope that it won't get bumped and start playing music at inopportune moments.Cons:- The flashing lights have a weird, hypnotic effect on my baby.  I'm a bit wary of any toy with rapidly flashing lights, honestly.- A little too heavy for a very small baby (&lt;6 months) to hold on his own

Review #: 263
Date: 09 12, 2009
Purchased for my 5 mos old grandson, music is soft and not too loud and is easy to operate.  He also likes the colored lights.  Very happy with my purchase.

Review #: 264
Date: 03 18, 2012
Purchased for my son when he was about 3-4months...He LOVED it! Very pleased with the 2 levels of volume...flashes bright colors....VERY CUTE!

Review #: 265
Date: 02 2, 2013
Received this as a gift when I was expecting.  My daughter is almost 3 months old now and we have used this almost daily to quiet her when she is fussy and just generally entertain her.  Works wonders when we are at restaurants or in the car and can't pick her up out of her carseat.  She loves the bright lights and music.

Review #: 266
Date: 03 8, 2013
she doesn't use it yet so it's not much that i can say but me i love it . .

Review #: 267
Date: 03 12, 2012
she loves the lights and the music and I take it with us whenever we go anywhere. it's a little bit heavy for her to hold right now but when she's playing in her playpen, she presses it all the time.

Review #: 268
Date: 04 8, 2013
She loves this still, she learned how to push the button and she gets so excited when the music comes on and then she pushes it again to change the song and she gets tickled.

Review #: 269
Date: 12 12, 2013
Simple and handy for use at home or car rides. This has two volume levels, which is nice. I like the music as well as the colors and design of the product. It didn't really help calm my fussy baby, but I think he will enjoy it more and more as he gets older. It never hurts to have a music player for babies. Double A batteries required.

Review #: 270
Date: 07 18, 2013
simple little toy. plays nice classical music. it illuminates colorful lights. my son is 15 months old and sometimes still plays the music on this. for a cheap non annoying toy i suggest this for any baby.

Review #: 271
Date: 09 15, 2009
Since it didn't cost a fortune, I purchased the BE Takealong Tunes on a whim while selecting some other toys, etc. for our son's first birthday. Now I wish I had bought it sooner. It's small enough for little hands, and the music is very pleasant... each piece is artfully arranged and just the right duration (i.e., not tooteling on and on, driving a parent over the edge). The only thing that is a bit of a disappointment is the center button...to me, online it looked like four separate buttons (perhaps to select the different songs), but it's really just one big button. OK, that's no big deal (like I wrote-- simplicity), but I didn't like that the paper-y decal partially came off within the first two days of normal use... the blue note just wore off without much contact. Still worth the purchase. Especially good for the car, stroller, pediatrician's office, etc.

Review #: 272
Date: 11 3, 2011
Small and easily transportable and constant entertainment for my daughter--from the flashing lights to the songs, she loves this.  I just throw it in the stroller or baby bag and it entertains her for shopping excursions or walks.  It's also a teether

Review #: 273
Date: 04 1, 2013
Small little toy that you can carry everywhere. I specially use this to distract him. Diaper change or putting cloth on, or doctor's visit. It's been 4 months since he has this, but he still get very entertained.

Review #: 274
Date: 12 21, 2012
So far it is awesome. Kind of like a little ipod for babies. Can't vouch for how long it will last yet.

Review #: 275
Date: 06 12, 2013
So far, this entertains my 3-month-old son. It is heavy though, and he isn't able to hold things very long at this point. So the only downside is that I have to hold it for him. But he stares at it until I put it down. He loves reaching out and smacking it too. It has two volume settings and an off switch, which are nice features. Overall a great toy for a younger baby.Update:Now 7 months old, my guy still loves this. It keeps him busy for several minutes at a time, which can be a real bonus when we dine out with him.More Update:This is my 11 month old's absolute favorite toy. He now knows how to push the button to change the music and for some reason this cracks him up. He carries this with him everywhere. We don't leave home without it.

Review #: 276
Date: 09 30, 2013
So far this is the only toy that will keep the attention of my 4 month old. He loves how the lights blink in all the different colors. I would definitely recommend.

Review #: 277
Date: 11 27, 2010
Someone gave us this little musical toy when my baby was born. She is now six months old, and she has enjoyed it throughout. I'm usually not a fan of Baby Einstein and plastic toys that make noise, but she really enjoys the music. I use it when I'm changing her diaper--if she looks like she might want to cry, I can distract her with the music and she will play happily with it throughout the change. I would recommend it without hesitation for infants!

Review #: 278
Date: 08 26, 2011
The best thing about this is that it plays music longer than the other toys which keeps my baby interested long enough for mommy to take a bathroom break! It's also small enough to carry everywhere.

Review #: 279
Date: 02 1, 2013
the bright colors are great.  it plays music.  the handle is perfect for little hands.  All in all, it's a great product for child around 6 months old.

Review #: 280
Date: 05 24, 2013
The first time I pulled out this toy was when my 2 month old was screaming his head off for no apparent reason.  This toy brought him out of it instantly!  It still does the trick when he is in total freak-out mode-- just helps him forget why he was mad and calm down.  A great thing to throw in my diaper bag for when we go out in case he needs to be quieted down quickly.  As others say, the tunes are pleasant, but perhaps don't stay on long enough.  Whatever, I'm happy to hit the button as many times as needed.

Review #: 281
Date: 04 18, 2013
The melodies are very nice and my 2.5 month daughter can listen them for hours (really), so this is also important that the sound quality is good and it's nice and smooth.  The melodies are fun and you don't get tired listening them too.  The sound control feature also comes very handy - you can turn the toy on/off, increase or decrease the volume of the sound.  The handle is very comfy too and my baby already tries to hold it.  Overall, this is a great toy which I would definitely recommend!

Review #: 282
Date: 08 13, 2010
The music is fairly enjoyable on this toy and a good volume level, but I had no idea how obnoxiously flashy the lights would be. I don't think my baby likes that either. My baby is 6 months and loves the music his glow worm plays and smiles when the face lights up, but the lights on this don't seem to appeal to him. I'm thinking about putting duct tape over the lights.The handle is easy for his hand, but the button is way too hard to press.

Review #: 283
Date: 10 2, 2012
The product is entertaining but painful for the teethers that want to put it in their mouth. Still worth the purchase keeps baby intrigued

Review #: 284
Date: 04 16, 2013
The sound is very clear. The colors are bright - it is not a toy designed to annoy the adults like so many of these toys tend to be.

Review #: 285
Date: 02 27, 2013
The video lights catches her attention and easy for her tohold. She likes the different music and puts a smile on her face.

Review #: 286
Date: 11 29, 2013
This &#34;radio&#34; is one of my daughter's favorites!  She is not particularly a fan of being in the car and her radio is one of few things that can put an end to her screaming fits in the car (sometimes!).  The bright lights and catchy tunes are able to distract her, for atleast part of the time, and let me drive in peace!  Thank you Baby Einstein for quieter car rides!

Review #: 287
Date: 11 21, 2013
This has been a great addition to my son's toy arsenal. I am particularly impressed that it has survived all of my 1 year old's throwing and banging without looking beat up whatsoever! It is the perfect size for a toddler and the handle is great for his little hands. The flashing lights are nice and colorful and the two volume levels are helpful for a variety of environments. Really thrilled we have this for music on the go. Highly recommend!

Review #: 288
Date: 03 22, 2011
This has been one of my son's favorite toys since he first started grabbing and holding on to them at 3-4 months. At 8 months, he still enjoys it and it keeps him quiet in the car seat, when we're out, etc. Every time I pull it out, it's like I'm giving him something new and his eyes light up. I like the volume control and the lights are great too.

Review #: 289
Date: 12 3, 2012
This is a favorite. Super simple but my son loved it from about 5 months and still will give it a little attention now at 17 months.  I cannot tell you how many times this thing has hit the floor and it still works like a charm.

Review #: 290
Date: 11 19, 2013
This is a fun little music toy.  It was given to us as a gift and my 6 month old (at the time) quickly learned to press the buttons to make the music start and get the lights going.  The songs are all classical and not bad to listen to.  It was cute watching her learn to press the buttons to 'change' the music.At 20 months old, she still picks this toy up from time to time to play the music.Cute, inexpensive, and nice music--great little stocking stuffer

Review #: 291
Date: 05 15, 2011
This is a good quality toy that my daughter loves. My daughter loves me to turn on my music player on my cell phone, but then she throws it. This toy solves the problem- she can change the songs by herself, and loves to carry it around. It's sturdy and holds up to all the times she throws it on the tile floor. The songs aren't annoying like on some toys, and she is entertained by the lights on the front. It's a great overall toy!

Review #: 292
Date: 11 22, 2013
This is a great and entertaining baby toy with lights and the music is classical (not as obnoxious!) which helps when you listen to it all day!

Review #: 293
Date: 11 5, 2010
This is a great little toy for under $10. My little ones have been enjoying it for a few months now (they are 5 months) We turn it on for them and they instantly are captivated by it. I love the lights and music it plays. It is easy for baby to hold now that they are getting older and they occassionally manage to turn it on themselves. We have it hanging from their play mat now but I can definitely see it being a toy that they will hold and play with themselves here in the next few months. It would also be great to throw in a diaper bag. Highly recommend this little toy! No complaints here.

Review #: 294
Date: 07 11, 2013
This is a great take-along toy when we're out and about. You can adjust the music to two different levels and the lights are entertaining for baby.My daughter gets a little frustrated because there isn't a part of this toy that's really GREAT for her to chew on but that doesn't stop her from trying!

Review #: 295
Date: 04 4, 2013
This is a great toy for a low price. The lights catch the attention of my 4 months old.Although I wish the music of each song could be longer.

Review #: 296
Date: 12 6, 2011
This is a great toy for the car or just for baby to carry around the house. The lowest volume level (of two) is pretty quiet and there is really no point to have it on there.My daughter has had this toy for over 2 years and still plays with it. She likes naming the colors she sees, even tho they are just flashes. Its pretty funny, its kinda like she's playing a "simon"

Review #: 297
Date: 03 14, 2013
This is a great toy to buy. My son has played with it for 11 months and he still likes it a lot. It is one of the toys we take when we go out to eat or go in public. What impressed me the most is that it's very well constructed. My son has dropped it many times and it hasn't broken yet. I highly recommend it.

Review #: 298
Date: 11 13, 2010
This is always in the diaper bag.  My son (7 months) loves it and has liked the sound and lights since he got it at 4 months.

Review #: 299
Date: 03 16, 2013
This is a must have, the babies love it.  They can hold onto it, turn it on and enjoy it by themself.  they also like the face on the handle.

Review #: 300
Date: 03 20, 2012
This is a must have toy for my baby girl. It plays good quality tunes, with many varieties. It also has light display that catches the attention of my little one very well. Not to mention that it is small, light weight and has a handle so we can hold it easily. We bring it with us whenever we take her out and she will stop her fussiness once we show this in front of her. Best of all, it is very affordable!PS: it comes with batteries and so far we have been using it for 2 weeks and the battery is still working.. yay!

Review #: 301
Date: 09 30, 2010
This is an overall good toy, one of her favorite. Well worth the money! A few considerations if you are thinking about buying it:#made of hard plastic so baby bangs it against own head (happens to my daughter all the time)#easy buttun to push intentionally or unintentionally (can be great with an infant who kicks around, but don't use  in crib when sleeping)#music plays for about 30 seconds, then it stops (so you must keep pushing it if she can't)#great sound quality (never annoying)#excellent battery life#large, hard, colorful plastic handle (difficult for infant under 5 months to grip)

Review #: 302
Date: 05 29, 2012
this is a really cute toy- my daughter loves playing with it- good tunes and lots of functions! I really enjoy the few minutes of peace I get.

Review #: 303
Date: 10 30, 2013
This is a simple little toy.  It has an on switch with two volume levels, a single button to play the music, a colorful panel that lights in coordination with the music and some beads to play with.  My 8 month old loves music and dances to her favorite tunes.  The speaker is on the back so the volume changes significantly if it's set down or held.  I do wish the on/volume switch weren't so easy for baby to change.  At top volume when the baby is holding this it can be quite loud.

Review #: 304
Date: 12 11, 2012
this is awesome -- I have not used it on my baby yet, it's going to be a stocking stuffer.  but so far, from what I see, it looks hilarious and I'm sure my baby will receive tons of laughs from this! I will update this after Christmas, to give a better review.

Review #: 305
Date: 02 15, 2012
This is a wonderful musical take along and very affordable.  Our son loves it, even just at home!  He also loves the bright colors :)

Review #: 306
Date: 07 28, 2011
This is great for tummy time or for in the car. My baby likes to hold this in her crib at night too and it is very safe. I remove it once she falls asleep.

Review #: 307
Date: 06 26, 2013
This is great. Has him interested for over a year already sandpit lovely sound as well.great for car rides and crib naps

Review #: 308
Date: 09 28, 2013
this is great plays long works great and is nice and easy for little one to activate, a must have

Review #: 309
Date: 01 29, 2011
This is great portable toy! Babies love it.  There should be more volume levels. Sometimes I wish it could get louder.

Review #: 310
Date: 12 31, 2012
This is great to take along.  The music isn't annoying and has two sound levels.  Baby (5 mo) likes the sound and lights.

Review #: 311
Date: 01 11, 2012
This is my daughter's absolute favorite toy.  It is guaranteed to calm her down when she is crying.  She loves to look at the lights, and she loves to rock to the music.  I appreciate that there are quite a few songs on this toy, not just the normal 3 or 4 that other toys may have, and the songs are not tinny or annoying, either.  It also has an off switch AND a volume control for two different volume settings.  My daughter, at 7 months, is now able to push the button on her own for the music, and she can carry it by the handle.  The ONLY thing that would make this toy better for a younger baby is to have the button that plays the music stick out instead of having it be indented from the rest of the toy because that would make the button more obvious and easier to push, but it is not a big deal and wouldn't get me to not rate this a solid 5 star toy!  Even my friend's 7 week old baby likes to look at the lights, and I bought one for him as a Christmas present since we love it so much.

Review #: 312
Date: 12 7, 2010
This is my go-to toy for shopping and doctor's waiting rooms. It isn't too loud even on the louder setting and it's easy to clip to a stroller or shopping cart with linkadoos. My son loves the lights and likes to "skip" to his favorite songs.

Review #: 313
Date: 04 22, 2013
This is my son's favorite toy to take on the road with him. its easy to hold and easy to hit the big button for more music,

Review #: 314
Date: 03 8, 2013
This is one of those toys that will help for a trip to the mall, in the car, and many other places. It is a sturdy toy, easy for little hands to hold, and light in weight. The sound is actually much better than I would have expected from such a small, cheap device, and my baby loved it from the first day. She seemed already interested in the flashing colors and the music when we hold it to her when she was less than a week old. Even my husband, who thinks that all baby toys are obnoxious and annoying, asked me where the Baby Einstein 'phone', as he calls it, had gone when it was nowhere to be found for some time. Well, the phone is back for more music and fun! Very simple and very cute, a must-have for all parents!

Review #: 315
Date: 04 12, 2012
This is our MUST have toys, everywhere we go, this is pretty much a MUTE button for my 1 yrs old, he love this toys ever since he was 3 months old, of course back then he cant hold it just yet, but till now, he still loves this. Now he keeps pushing the button and never gets tired of the songs. sometimes when feeding time he ll be more concentrate on the feeding if i m dangling this toys and plays the songs for him  and feed him instead of his eyes wondering around or wants to get of the high chair. its the best thing that baby einstein ever created i think.

Review #: 316
Date: 05 13, 2013
This is our second Baby Einstein Take Along Tunes.  We had one when my son was born in 2009.  Sissy took it over this year and loved it so much that we had to buy a second one to keep at Oma's house!p.s.  The toy purchased in 2009 still has the original batteries in it and still works.  It has never needed a battery change.  Plus, even though it has been dropped, banged on, and abused by a rough and tumble boy, there are very, very minimal signs of wear and tear.A VERY WELL-MADE TOY

Review #: 317
Date: 11 27, 2013
This is such a sweet toy. The music is very calm and not too loud and annoying like more baby toys. it's easy for babies to hold and has lights that entertain.

Review #: 318
Date: 11 9, 2011
This is the ONLY toy that calmed baby down when he woke up hungry at night, and now that he is older, it is one of the few toys that keeps him (relatively) still during diaper changes. He has been playing with it for 8 months and is not bored yet !!! I would give this toy 10 stars :)

Review #: 319
Date: 05 16, 2012
This is the only toy which can soothe my now 4 month old. She has been listening to its tunes since she was 2 weeks old.The melodies are so soothing that they instantly make her stop crying and more often than not she falls asleep listening to its tunes.It's a life saver during those fussy days!!! don't know what I would have done without this toy.

Review #: 320
Date: 09 28, 2013
This is thus far, my baby's favourite toy. Whenever he fusses, this is the only toy that can distract and pacify him. I am bringing this toy everywhere I go. Accidentally dropped it a few days ago from quite a great height and surprisingly, it still functions normally!

Review #: 321
Date: 08 20, 2011
This item is great for travel and at home.  My daughter loves the bright colored lights that dance to the music.  The change in songs and colored lights keep her occupied for a long time.  She has also learned how to keep the music going, as it is easy to start the next song.  The songs sound good and are not annoying- also there are several different ones so the same one is not repeated over and over.  The different tones make the song more interesting.

Review #: 322
Date: 10 4, 2012
This item plays the songs from baby Einstein DVD's I love it!My son dances every time the music comes on. I like that it fits nicely into diaper bag for music on the go.

Review #: 323
Date: 05 7, 2013
This item was as great as all the reviews said.  I think I like it more than my daughter does.

Review #: 324
Date: 02 19, 2013
This little toy is one of our favorites.  My husband calls it the &#34;off switch&#34; for our baby.  She gets so excited when she hears the music and sees the lights.  She recognizes the songs that this little toy plays, and her face lights up if they come on the radio.

Review #: 325
Date: 01 10, 2013
This little toy is perfect for the diaper bag. it's just small enough to fit. It plays classical upbeat music and the little screen lights up to the beat.

Review #: 326
Date: 08 29, 2010
This little toy is portable and plays happy songs as well as has the attention grabbing lights.  Easy for baby to push to activate and handle. This toy has been durable so far, and I'm sure will be a favorite for many more play times!!

Review #: 327
Date: 10 23, 2010
this music box plays very nice, active classical music and the flashing lights and easy one-button operation do make it one of my babies' favorites toys.  however, i never let baby play with it without close supervision as the toy is very hard plastic and a little on the heavy side for its size. would have been nicer if it had a softer rubbery casing around it. but still a good entertainment value over all.

Review #: 328
Date: 12 29, 2012
This one entertains both of my children.  One is an infant, the other is a 4 yr old with Autism.  The music doesn't annoy us so we really enjoy it!

Review #: 329
Date: 10 6, 2013
This product is a life saver. We take this with us on car rides, to restaurants, shopping, or just in the house. Nothing distracts my son and entertains him like this toy. The combination of music and lights is perfect - not too overwhelming. I would have easily paid double considering how often we use it and how it takes him from crying to calm instantly. I like the 2 different volumes so you can still hear the music if you are in a louder environment. My only complaint is the songs are too short, you constantly are pushing the button for the next song.

Review #: 330
Date: 07 7, 2011
This toy always grabs my baby's attention and puts her in good mood.  She enjoys looking at the flashing color lights, listening to tunes, and biting the worm's head.  We get great use out of it at home and on trips!

Review #: 331
Date: 10 9, 2010
This toy doesn't thrill my son the way the Baby Einstein toy piano does. But it does distract him in the car--briefly. I do like the tunes--maybe more than he does!

Review #: 332
Date: 06 20, 2009
This toy gets my son's attention.  The music and the lights are a perfect combo. When he throws tantrums or get restless...it always gets his attention.  I love it.

Review #: 333
Date: 08 10, 2012
This toy has been a miracle worker from the time my son was about 6 weeks old until now (6 months old).  Whenever he was crying inconsolably just turning this on would stop his cries.  Not even exaggerating.  Not sure if it's the lights or music or both but it just would work magic on him.This toy has got us through many long car trips and extended crying sessions.  It's probably the best $9 we've spent on a toy for our son.I am only waiting for the day my son can consistently activate the songs by himself.  Right now I have to keep pushing the button for each song (about 20-30 seconds each).  It would be nice if the toy had a longer "repeat" mode.It still isn't stopping me from giving it 5 stars though.  I'd give it more if I could.

Review #: 334
Date: 08 27, 2011
This toy has provided hours of fun over the three months we have owned it! The music is not at all "tinny" like you usually hear with baby toys. It is great for any age! The 2-5mo old loved it from the start with its changing lights and great music selection, and the 21-24mo old loved it for the great music and its easy to use buttons! Though at first he had a little trouble getting the right amount of pressure on the right spot on the buttons -- only downside. The handle is the perfect size for little hands, and easy to add some links to link it to the stroller, car seat, or crib (only when baby is awake!). Every time I bring it out the babies love to play with it! It has never gotten old. It has also survived tons of drops and some teething!What I would love to see: a continuous play button for the baby, or for the toddler so he doesn't have to stop dancing to press the button again!Best toy I bought!

Review #: 335
Date: 11 12, 2012
This toy has very good sound quality, and the songs are pleasant to listen to.  Another plus is that it plays a much longer snippet of the song, not just a few notes or the "familiar part."  I enjoy listening to this toy, and am actually happy when my young toddler takes it out to play.One small con of this toy is that the button is hard for a young baby to push.  It took my daughter awhile to be able to push the button enough for the music to play.  Otherwise, I love it!

Review #: 336
Date: 08 13, 2010
This toy interested my 3 month old baby from the start with the lights and the music.  Its size is convenient to pack in the diaper bag.  I currently have it in our stroller pocket for when my baby and I go on our daily walk.  He gets fussy at times in his stroller, but as soon as I press the button and the music starts playing, he stops fussing to listen to the music.

Review #: 337
Date: 04 20, 2012
This toy is just perfect to bring smiles to my baby's face and that's totally worth every penny that I paid for it. I do contradict with the reviewers who say that the button is not soft enough for the child to push it by himself since, it is perfect for baby to play with it on its own.

Review #: 338
Date: 12 29, 2012
This toy is ok but not as fun for my kids as I thought it would be. Good if you are looking to play background noise while your kids play with other toys.

Review #: 339
Date: 07 6, 2013
This toy is the first toy I gave my daughter and she enjoyed the music and lights of it. And is very affordable.

Review #: 340
Date: 01 21, 2012
This toy keeps baby's attention the longest during tummy time, and I'm impressed with the songs and lights.  Baby didn't start really enjoying this toy until about 4 months though.

Review #: 341
Date: 11 2, 2013
This toy plays music that sounds great! It's electronic, but in tune, and the musical selections are longer than other baby toys. We've owned this toy for months and I still don't mind hearing it play. My baby especially likes the William Tell overture. The off switch is great for when you toss the toy in the diaper bag, and the volume adjustment (two settings--we prefer the quieter one) is very much appreciated. About the only time I disliked the toy is when baby clonked my older child in the face with it . . . ouch! but you can't blame that on the toy.

Review #: 342
Date: 08 27, 2013
This toy plays several tunes.  The toy lights up with various colors as each tune plays.  It is easy for an infant to hold.

Review #: 343
Date: 12 25, 2011
This toy was a gift for our daughter.  It was a hit before it even came out of the package.  She likes the beads on the side as well as the flashing lights.  I like that the music isn't annoying like some toys and it plays longer than her other musical toys.

Review #: 344
Date: 07 18, 2010
This toy will work from the day your baby is born till at least his first year. It will mesmerize him all the time, great toy to hold off the baby cry, I recommended it a lot a lot a lot.

Review #: 345
Date: 08 27, 2012
This was a great toy to have in the car when putting the baby in the carseat.  The distraction was useful to get her buckled in.  For the price and lenght of use, I would recommend this toy.

Review #: 346
Date: 11 8, 2013
This was a shower gift for what turned out to be the cutest baby in the world! He loves the lights and music and the ability to hold it. His parents are also pleased with the tunes and volume.

Review #: 347
Date: 05 30, 2012
This was given as a gift when my daughter was 4mo. As an almost 10month old, she is still playing with it. This toy is one of the few baby toys she'll actually play with!

Review #: 348
Date: 02 21, 2012
This was given to us by a friend.  I have twin boys and they LOVE this toy.  They can be in a screaming fit and as soon as I push the button....they instantly stop, stare and grab for it.  I don't know what I would do if we didn't own this toy.

Review #: 349
Date: 12 22, 2012
This was my sons first toy.  He loved the songs and the the lights.  We passed it down to his little brother who loved this as well.

Review #: 350
Date: 07 26, 2013
This was one if the first toys my daughter showed interest in. I bought this for her at around 6 weeks old, and she watched the flashing lights intently at first. Now, at 15 weeks old, she enjoys trying to hit the button to change the songs, and she also plays with the beaded handle. The classical tunes it plays are great too. I only wish the toy came with a song/composer list.

Review #: 351
Date: 01 23, 2012
This was one of my son's favorite toys when he was 5 months old until a year old. The light blinks and plays neat music. Its small and great for travel.

Review #: 352
Date: 09 15, 2013
This was one of the first toys I bought for my baby. I played the music for her during tummy time before she even could lift her head to make things more fun. Now that she sits up and mouths toys, she loves it even more. I know that once she can walk, she will love the fact that it is lightweight. The music doesn't get annoying like some toys do. There is a reason why it's one of the best-selling baby toys on Amazon. So many babies and parents love it!

Review #: 353
Date: 10 31, 2013
This was one of the first toys I bought for our son as an infant. He liked watching the lights blink along with the music, but did lose interest in the toy for a little while. Then he picked it up again one day and hasn't put it down since. (He's nineteen months old now.) It's a must-have in the car. The music is clear, not tinny or staticky. The tunes play longer than most tunes on toys and are upbeat, which he loves.

Review #: 354
Date: 12 26, 2012
This was the first toy my baby put attention and that could calm him down. He feels so entertain while looking at it that he forgets he was crying. I life saver when you are in the line at the grocery store or in the car seat almost home :) Now that he's almost 3 month he tries to grab and touch it.

Review #: 355
Date: 11 18, 2012
This was THE toy...the one we'd pull out when all else failed.  Baby would calm down, and move on.  Also can be counted on to distract her through at least 2 shots (the 3rd is iffy) through the first year.  For the price, it can't be beat!

Review #: 356
Date: 04 16, 2013
Thousands of people can't be wrong - right?  As great as all of the reviews said.  I keep this in my diaper bag and take it everywhere we go.  We've had it a long time now and my baby still is entertained by it and I don't mind the music at all.  Inexpensive and a great toy.

Review #: 357
Date: 09 3, 2013
Very calming!  So relaxing for my baby boy! It is like the Baby Einstein CD in his hands but with safeness.

Review #: 358
Date: 05 10, 2010
Very cute and easy for your infant to play with. Not to loud on the music level like some toys. Cute and easy to take along with you or strp to the stroller , etc..

Review #: 359
Date: 12 11, 2012
Very cute.... my girls love the music, but I do have to say after even 20 minutes of them playing with it I want to chuck it in the garabge, but they like it and that is all that matters!

Review #: 360
Date: 03 15, 2013
very funny toy. my son 3 months old likes it. good classical music and colorful blinking lamp makes my son stop crying

Review #: 361
Date: 11 12, 2013
Very simple toyGood for girls or boysmakes really nice soundstakes a beating pound for poundHas a very simple low volume and high volume switch.  makes 4 sounds and lights up.  My daughter loved this when she was about 1.  Rugged too.

Review #: 362
Date: 12 4, 2010
Was supposed to be a Christmas gift but I could not resist giving to my daughter she is 4 months and it is hard to get her something to play with at this age but she loves it. She presses the buttons without realizing what she is doing but she is entertained.

Review #: 363
Date: 04 25, 2011
We bought this for our baby when we saw the great reviews---it is a GREAT toy for babies 6months+---one of the best for keeping baby's attention during a diaper change.  The songs are classic and the volume is adjustable.  Great toy.

Review #: 364
Date: 04 15, 2011
We first received this when she was 4 months old, and now she's 6 months.  From day one she was fascinated by the colors and music, and she just LOVES this thing!  I would say 9 times out of 10 when she's laying down for a diaper change and she starts to cry, I can hand this to her and she stops.  When she's awake she only seems to be truly happy sitting up or standing up...she's not a big fan of just lying there, and especially not a fan of tummy time!  So, this little player comes in handy for us a lot!  I hope it lasts for a while.

Review #: 365
Date: 01 18, 2013
We got this for a gift! It really is a great toy, especially for on the go. Battery life seems to be good so far, but looks like it might be a pain to change the batteries in! Definitely recommend!

Review #: 366
Date: 06 11, 2012
We got this for our 7-month old and it's been one of her favorite toys ever since.  She loves pushing the button and seeing the lights and we like the classical music at a decent decibel that doesn't drive you crazy.  She's dropped it many times and it still works just fine.  She takes it in the car and to daycare.  I would definitely recommend it for 6 months and older.

Review #: 367
Date: 08 12, 2013
We got this for our daughter & she just loves it. Soon as the music comes on, she lights up! Its a cute little toy that plays music & lights up. It's easy for her to hold, we pack it in her bag everywhere we go! Def a good toy & a great gift idea!

Review #: 368
Date: 09 18, 2013
We got this for our granddaughter when she was 3 month old and even though it was to big for her to hold, she loved the music and lights.  When she was old enough to sit up, this was the first toy she wanted and then when she crawled she would look in her toy basket until she found it.  She is one and almost walking and still loves this toy and plays the music every day and 'dances' to it.  The music is very nice and does not irritate in the least plus it has a volume control.  A toy any baby or adult would love!

Review #: 369
Date: 12 6, 2012
We got this toy as a gift but just gave it to our son and my almost 5 month old loves it! He actually picked it out of the closet when we were looking through there for something to wear.The cutest part is that he tried really hard to use his hands to hold it and pull it to his mouth, but he just isn't coordinated enough with his hands yet.Definitely love the on/off switch that many toys don't have.

Review #: 370
Date: 10 11, 2011
We got this toy for our baby, and it is one of those few toys that you don't mind the sound!  At around 6 months, this became one of her most favorite toys and she smiles at the music and lights. This toy taught her the cause and effect of pushing a button.  Now at a year old, she takes this with her as she crawls around the room, pressing the button for a new song. We appreciate the classical music, and she seems to really enjoy it by moving her head along with the sound. My husband has even played some of the actual musical pieces that are featured on the toy, and she seems to recognize them! This is also a great, lightweight toy, that travels well and holds her interest.

Review #: 371
Date: 08 3, 2009
We got this when my son was around 5-6 months old. He's now a year, and he still reaches for it regularly. It's a great carseat toy. We also took it on an airplane trip - it's quiet enough to not annoy fellow passengers. My son loves to chew on the hard plastic, loves the light up part, and the music seems to be very calming to him. I like that it has two volume options and an off switch, so you're not forced to listen to it until the song runs out like with some toys.LOVE THIS TOY!!! I'm going to give it at baby showers for sure!

Review #: 372
Date: 06 12, 2013
We got this when our daughter was 9 months old as a car trip toy. It was great and kept her entertained for a bit. I think it could be used for younger infants as well.

Review #: 373
Date: 02 5, 2013
We had bought this for our 6 month old boy, but our 2 year old boy loves it! He takes it with him on car rides, to bed, anywhere he goes. We are very happy with this purchase.Something I personally like about it is how it is instrumental (&#34;non-annoying&#34;) music. I get annoyed sometimes when I accidentally run into one of their toys lying around and it starts singing some annoying song that I end up getting stuck in my head...haha... so this toy has been a nice relief from that.  ;O)

Review #: 374
Date: 01 29, 2013
We have a five-month old granddaughter who is severely hearing impaired, but she can hear this!!  It doesn't take much to push the button which makes the music play, so she's able to keep it going.  The small handle allows her to grip it and the flashing lights engage her poor eyesight.  There is a button to select either regular or louder sound, which really does make a difference for her.  It has brought Mozart into her almost silent world and we are so grateful!

Review #: 375
Date: 08 7, 2013
We have a severely disabled 3.5 year old daughter and this toy calms her better than any of the other toys or medications we have. We give it to her when she is very upset and she holds it to her ear and pushes the button again and again and smiles. It's very simple and sturdy with one button playing several songs. The lights are nice too. The handle makes it easy to tie to a stroller and the size is much more portable than most other musical toys. I love that there are two volume settings and OFF. You can replace the batteries. The music is not very annoying like cheap electronic toys. I am ordering more now, just in case, because we can't live without it. I also plan to give some as gifts.UPDATE: We've had this quite sometime and the sound is still good.

Review #: 376
Date: 05 31, 2013
We have had this thing since my baby was a newborn and he is 8 months now and still loves this things.  This is the only toy that has consistently calmed my baby month after month.  He can now push the buttons by himself.  When he was a newborn, he would be mesmerized by the lights and music.  Now, when he is fussy at the changing table and twisting and turning, I give this to him and he stays flat.  I have a 2nd one in my diaper bag and it keeps him entertained in the stroller and at restaurants.  This toy has not failed to calm my baby when he is being fussy!

Review #: 377
Date: 03 26, 2013
We have had this toy for 4 months. My 10 month-old never really played with it until the last few weeks. Now she really likes this toy.Pros+ It is well designed+ seems safe+ My baby likes biting it now that she has 4 teeth and 2 more coming in.+ It is easy for her to hold+ It is easy for me to turn off when the music should be off.Cons- I don&#8217;t have anything other than she didn&#8217;t want to play with it at first.

Review #: 378
Date: 11 30, 2012
We have this toy attached to son's car seat. When we first got it, he was just a few months old and hardly played with it at all. Fast forward a few months and he gets so exited when he sees it. He presses the button almost continuously  while in the car. Now at almost 1 year old, it still keeps him entertained. Would definitely buy again!

Review #: 379
Date: 02 23, 2012
We have used this little favorite since he was 4 months old (11 months now) and he loves it.  We use some plastic links to attach it to the car seat and/or stroller for him to chew on, and listen to, while out and about.  He will even scroll though songs to find the one he wants.  We love it.

Review #: 380
Date: 02 4, 2013
We have used this with our now 18-month-old son since he was weeks old. We used to use it initially to calm him down during diaper changes or when he was upset (he was an extremely fussy baby for months). It was a lifesaver! He was mesmerized by the lights. We would take it with us everywhere we went. We really should've bought one for the diaper bag/car too, but we just used the one. We started keeping it in the car when he was around 8 months old. It's still in the car now and is one of the toys we rotate to keep him happy in his car seat. He still loves it!

Review #: 381
Date: 08 23, 2011
We just got this yesterday.  My 3 month old reaches for it.  It lights up and plays music. I haven't heard the same song twice.  Great product.

Review #: 382
Date: 05 18, 2010
We keep this in our car seat. Really is a must have, he's had it since he was 2 months and still loves it at almost 6 months. We bought the little toys that strap on to the handle of the carseat and was able to strap this on there as well. we just push the button and he stares at the pretty lights and quietly listens to the music. he's old enough to push the button himself now, and so when he wants we take it off the strap and hand it to him to play with. He has accidently droped it on the ground a few times and it still works great! We use this everytime we are out and the batteries are still good. Great Baby Shower gift or just a gift for your little one that is totally worth every penny. It has a switch so you can turn it on low or high, we keep it on high since we use it when we are out.

Review #: 383
Date: 11 14, 2012
We never make a road trip with out it. It has helped calm our baby since he was two months old. He's now four months old and this still holds his attention beautifully and he loves it even more now that he has figured out how to push the button. We call it the baby whisperer and have gifted it to EVERY expecting parent we know.

Review #: 384
Date: 03 18, 2013
We purchased this item to take along in the diaper bag for car rides or for times when our little one wants something small to play with at the Dr's office etc. As it is an Baby Einstein toy you know that it has to be good.  A little toy with lots to entertain your little one, while you are doing something else.  We keep it for those types of times and he knows there is always one of his favorite toys in the diaper bag!  Keep coming with the Daily Deals Amazon and the bundles that save one even more money.

Review #: 385
Date: 10 23, 2012
We received this as a gift and have found that it has been great to soothe and distract our son especially during long car rides or out at a restaurant.  We like that the toy has a volume control so that in a restaurant setting it doesn't really disturb the other patrons.  I also like the fact that the LED's are no super bright like many other toys where I would be concerned about long lasting effects on a growing child's eyes.Be aware though, after several months of use and as our son got older he learned to start scratching at the big button and the sticker started to come off.  This is the only thing that bothered me as this toy is intended for infants that will put everything in their mouths.  Up until all of the sticker was worn away, we had to be careful every time he played with it to be sure no sticker bits ended up in his mouth.My only other complaint is that every time the button is pressed, it cycles through to the next song.  At about 7 months, our son got into the habit of constantly pressing the button.  no song would play for more than 3 notes, in that regard I wished that the toy would finish the entire song before it would allow the button to do anything.But like I said, given those two caveats we do love this toy and our son loves it too.

Review #: 386
Date: 05 16, 2013
We received this as a gift for our firstborn.  It is extremely durable, as it has been chewed on, drooled on, and dropped on cement many times.  The music is all Mozart melodies and the lights are synchronized to the music.  It is not too loud and has two volume settings.  Also, our daughter is almost one and a half now and she still loves it!  Would highly recommend it and we may have to get a second one for our upcoming new baby.

Review #: 387
Date: 05 3, 2011
we received this as a gift when my son was 3 months old and teething early, it was an awesome distraction for him when we could not give him really any medicine for the pain. He does not really know to push the button on his own yet but is figuring it out quickly and just loves, loves, loves this toy. His face lights up and seeing his excitement amuses us and whoever else(even strangers) to no end.I would definitely recommend this, ours looks a bit different than the one pictured here but is the same toy - my mom bought it at target I believe.

Review #: 388
Date: 12 20, 2013
We've had this since my son was 5 months .. he's almost 8 months now and he enjoys this toy, but only for about 5 minutes at a time. The classical music is nice, not annoying and he seems to enjoy the lights as well. He likes to slobber and chew on the handles as well.

Review #: 389
Date: 10 2, 2012
We've had this since our baby was 3 months old and he loves it.  Within a month he figured out how to hit the panel to turn the music on.  The music quality is pretty good and it's not annoying at all.  His friends have come over to play with this as well and they all just like to hold on to it and calmly listen to the music.  However since my baby is teething, he likes to chew on the handle and the plastic is hard so we try to not let him chew on it.  Give them something softer as a chew toy.  The speaker is in the back so if you put it on the floor, it'll sound muffled.

Review #: 390
Date: 12 7, 2012
We were afraid that with all the reviews on this toy, that some were overrating it, but to our surprise, this toy is great! It is the perfect size for small babies, and it is easy to throw in a bag and take along wherever we are going. My 3 yr old loves playing with it also. My 4 month old figured out how to push the button a couple of weeks ago, and ever since then this is her #1 favorite toy! I would definitely buy it again, and in fact, my wife bought one for her best friend who is expecting. Over all great product.

Review #: 391
Date: 11 7, 2011
We were given an older version of this one when my triplets were born. As soon as they were old enough to play with it, they were fighting over it so much that I had to buy 2 more. To date, I still haven't had to buy more than one of any toy except this one. It's easy for them to handle, it lights up, and it plays great songs. They are a year old at the end of this month and it's still one of their favorites. I rate it a must have!!!!

Review #: 392
Date: 09 16, 2012
We were given this as a present before my daughter was born, then about a month after she was born I was given another.  I was going to return the second one, but then I realized this was the only toy she showed any interest in as a new born.  If she was cranky the lights and music calmed her down.  We had friends come visit that referred to these as the "Magical Lights."  The music is soft and it is nice.  I ended up keeping the second one as a permanent diaper bag one and one that lived in the house.  Now my daughter is 14 months old and she still LOVES this toy.  We now have one in my husband's car and one in mine.  They are still "Magical" because now she can turn them on herself.  They still calm her down and I don't get annoyed with the music like so many other musical toys.

Review #: 393
Date: 06 15, 2011
When everything else fails, this thing works every time.  He's almost 8 months old and by far still his most favorite toy.  You will kick yourself repetedly if you forget and leave home without it....I will be buying this for every baby shower from here on out.  Might only cost $10 bucks... but it's worth a million!!!!

Review #: 394
Date: 04 5, 2013
When we first played the Baby Einstein Take Along Tunes my husband and I were surprised at the high quality sound of the recorded music. We've heard a lot of just terrible recordings on baby toys, so the good quality of the sound on this toy was refreshing to us. We bought the toy for our baby when he was 3 months old and as soon as we hit the button playing the music and the lights, our baby was enthralled by it.My husband and I often use this toy to teach some cause and effect... push the button and music plays. Sometimes we have to turn it on for him, and sometimes he can do it himself (at 7m old).Other great qualities of the toy: colorful, baby loves to bite it, loud -but not too loud- soundNegative qualities: Speaker is in the back - which is aesthetic but often the sound gets muffled when baby drops it or lays it down, button is made from (what appears to be) a cardboard disc which I worry will get spit up on and ruined..., and it's difficult to grasp and heavy for a baby to hold.For me, the worst of the bad qualities is that it is difficult for the baby to hold... Now that my son can hold using two hands it's a little better, but its still often dropped due to its weight. Good news though, so far, the toy is sturdy enough to withstand being dropped by the baby.Despite that, I would buy this toy again and gift it.

Review #: 395
Date: 08 21, 2012
With two volume settings, the toy is already a parents best friend.  It plays clear music and flashes bright colors that correlate to the music being played. The handle pieces move and serves as a rattle when not playing music. This is a great toy, but note that if used in the car at night the red and blue lights will make your heart race for a second until you realize it is the toy...

Review #: 396
Date: 11 29, 2013
Works like a charm to get babes and toddlers to stop crying !! Prefer this model to the fisher price option

Review #: 397
Date: 01 27, 2010
Yes, another item I purchased for my 3 month old because of the high reviews on Amazon.com.  Came through again! Seriously folks, this is an item I thought might not hit the mark.  But it did.  Baby figured out very quickly how to hit the button to make the sounds and she gets all excited when the music is playing and the lights are going off!  She's still too young to hold it with any sense of control but I either play it for her or I attach it to her exersaucer tray and she hits the button herself.  It's an everyday toy that I bring to Day Care with her and the other babies who are older steal it from her and play with it.  A hit!

Review #: 398
Date: 02 16, 2014
I bought this back when my daughter was a month old. She loved anything with flashing lights. She is now 6 months and still loves it. She will hold onto it and look at the lights for a good amount of time. She doesnt push it quite yet to get the music started. But hopefully soon. I like to use it to hold her attention when I take photos of her as well.

Review #: 399
Date: 04 16, 2014
Our twin girls loved this little music player and would even fight over it.When it worked.At first I thought it was just a case of low batteries but even after changing them this toy will sometimes stubbornly refuse to play.  Turning it on and off, shaking it, banging it would sometimes get it to start but other times it just sits there a single red light shining to show it's on but making no sounds.  After a few more days it was completely dead.One daughter will sometimes walk up to me with it crying and asking me to make it work.  It's just heart breaking.I'm going to think twice before buying anything else from Baby Einstein.

Review #: 400
Date: 12 8, 2013
Too easy and less music, maybe my baby don't want this. he played for 1-2 hrs and throw it away.

Review #: 401
Date: 07 27, 2013
Baby loves this product, it has two settings depending on how loud you want the volume, baby loves to watch the flashing lights and several different tunes on this cute little toy.

Review #: 402
Date: 03 3, 2013
I was somewhat skeptical when I kept reading all the good reviews about this. After all, it's just another noisy toy, right? We bought this for our daughter when she was about 6 months old and able to push the big button. She's 15 months now and still plays with it! It's very well designed to appeal to a large age range of babies. For the smaller baby--there's classical music, which is VERY pleasing to parent's ears--and colorful lights. For the older baby/toddler, there's a big button to push--what toddler doesn't like pushing buttons?!--and it's easy to hold, plus beads on the handle to fiddle with. And it's durable, as this thing has survived countless falls on all sorts of flooring and is still chugging along after 9 months. I look forward to using it with the next baby as well!

Review #: 403
Date: 10 13, 2012
My daughter absolutely loves this thing.  So much so that I do too.  It gives her a real sense of independence and freedom.  She is definitely the one in charge of pushing that button.  Over and over and over and over again.

Review #: 404
Date: 03 7, 2013
Perfect toy for babies.  It plays classical music and the screen display is fun and keeps the baby's interest.  I highly recommend this toy!

Review #: 405
Date: 08 6, 2013
This was a gift for my son when he was a newborn. Initially I kept this on his changing table and played the music during diaper changes. It did not take long for me to learn every note of every song which is ok because the quality of the songs is very good. Once I learned the songs I was able to tap, tickle and touch my son with the notes of the music which became a fun game for us. Now that my son is 8 months old we bring this with us in the car too. The button to activate the music is large enough for my son to press (though he does not deliberately turn on the music yet). There are 2 volume levels and neither is what I would consider to be too loud. The beads on the handle move which adds another dimension, albeit a small one, to the fun of this toy. It takes 2 AA batteries which are easy to access. I would give this as a gift without hesitation.

Review #: 406
Date: 03 3, 2014
I agree with another reviewer.  Light up toys aren't that great.  Kids need to learn that they don't need to be entertained continuously.  Light up toys teach them to be impatient.  Also, the music is electronic.  Wouldn't it be better to just play them the real classical songs?  Just play from smart phone.

Review #: 407
Date: 02 26, 2011
My 8 month old could really care less about this toy. My mom got it for her in a package of Baby Einstein products and she gets a kick out of the musical Turtle but rarely plays with this, the bendy ball or the links it came with.

Review #: 408
Date: 06 26, 2009
the only thing my little girl has ever done with this toy is throw it... she is completely uninterested in this toy.

Review #: 409
Date: 03 26, 2012
The pros:It does what it is designed to do.  It plays the music when you hit the button.  The songs are long and the sound is good.  There are two volumes.  I used this when my baby was learning to roll.  I'd push the button and put it on the side of the baby and he would stick his neck out toward it and would flop over and that helped him learn how to roll.The cons:Now that he can actually get to the toy, I don't want him to have it.  If he is holding it, then the sensitive button will get pressed over and over and the lights will blink right in his eyes.  He isn't learning anything about cause and effect because it just races in rapid succession through the songs if he holds it at all.  He loves the blinking lights, but he likes lights in general and would stare at a television too if one was on, but I don't want that and I don't want him just staring at lights, I want him interacting with his toys.Because of the cons, I hide this thing at the bottom of his toy box.  I'll take it out every now and then thinking maybe it will go differently, but I'm constantly reminded, when I take it out, why I hid it.UPDATE:  Now that my son is 13 months old, I like this toy more.  He is learning about cause and effect because he will pick it up and walk around the living room with the music play and when it stops, he will look at it, push the button and then keep walking with it playing the next song.  I would never ever ever recommend this toy for a child who stares at the lights, but used in this manner, it is educational and not harmful.  I'm leaving my review as a 2, however, because the target audience is younger and I believe it deserves a 2 star rating for that age group.

Review #: 410
Date: 09 24, 2011
I just think that the music isn't so great...kinda gets on my nerves!  I have a similar Fisher Price toy that is much more fun and easier for baby to hold onto.

Review #: 411
Date: 02 2, 2011
Item works fine, but around 5 months the paper-like button you push to play the music started coming apart, and my daughter was eating it! We'd only had it a couple of months, and of course children put the thing in their mouths. everyone else seems to love this thing. did I get a defective one. so i emailed them. This was their response on 1/26/11:---------Thank you for contacting Baby Einstein.  I am sorry for the inconvenience you experienced with the Takealong Tunes.  At the Baby Einstein Company, we make every effort to provide  quality baby products by working closely with our manufacturing partners to ensure that the highest standards are achieved.In order to get a response to you as quickly as possible, I have forwarded your contact information to KidsII who is the manufacturer of this item.  The Customer Service Team from KidsII will be happy to assist you and will contact you shortly.  For your convenience, their contact information is listed below.Kids II555 North Point Center EastSuite 600Alpharetta GA 30022-8234Phone 1-800-230-8190Email at ConsumerServices@kidsii.com.If you have additional questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to contact me.Sincerely,DiannThe Baby Einstein Company----------So, I emailed KidsII. This was their response on 2/2/11.-------------I am sending you a self addressed stamped envelope for the return of the Take Along Tunes. However, this item has been discontinued and we no longer have stock, so I'll have to send you something of equal value.Thank you,Gregory CastleberryKids II, Inc.Consumer Service RepresentativeConsumer Servicestel  770.751.0442fax  770.751.0543[...]-----------so, I'm still confused. Not sure if this means they're defective, I got a defective one, or they are no longer making them. But, they are still selling them?!? Can anyone shed any light into this?

Review #: 412
Date: 03 11, 2014
She loves to dance to it, and she is finally learning to push the button then wait, rather than keep pushing the button...much to mommy's relief.

Review #: 413
Date: 05 25, 2014
This is so loved, baby's mommy carries one in the diaper bag. The music is not tiring and the toy is indestructable. Grandma bought it not knowing it was already a favorite.

Review #: 414
Date: 01 2, 2014
When we first got this toy my baby was only thee months and had no interest at all in it. I was thinking I wasted my money, but recently now that she is 6 months she LOVES it! Now I get all the hype behind it! She loves the lights and music and chomps on the handle. It's one of her favourites. Highly recommend!!

Review #: 415
Date: 12 3, 2008
I got it for my 2 month old who likes melodies and he was enthralled with it! Now, after a month and a half he's a little bored by it (probably because we've played with it several times a day) so I may put it away for a little while but I'm sure he'll continue to enjoy it later.

Review #: 416
Date: 12 25, 2013
This is a fun on the go toy. It is compact and fits nicely in the diaper bag. It has two settings for the sound so that you can put it on low volume (which is nice for parents!). Little one enjoys it, but there isn't much to do with it, so it is a very simple toy.

Review #: 417
Date: 05 3, 2014
Love this music box except it needs an option to play all the song. The little man gets annoyed of always having to press for music. Especially when falling asleep.

Review #: 418
Date: 10 26, 2009
This is my go-to toy when my 4 month old is fussing and nothing seems to make him happy.  This toy works miracles! I almost didn't buy it because I thought it looked dated, and not all that interesting, but I am so glad that I did.  Since he was only a few weeks old we have pulled this out of the diaper bag to keep him entertained.  He loves watching the lights, I love that it plays classical music. We all love that it calms him down after shots or when he's super cranky. This toy is worth it's weight in gold.

Review #: 419
Date: 01 3, 2014
My daughter has loved this since a month old.  Whenever she gets fussy we bring it out and she focuses and calms to the lights and music.  A must for every diaper bag!!

Review #: 420
Date: 12 21, 2013
I got this for my little one when she was probably 2 months or less.  she uses it everyday and enjoys it immensely.  She is currently working on crawling, and this toy is one of the ones I use to coax her to crawl forward some.

Review #: 421
Date: 03 10, 2014
My Grandson is now 8 months old and he has had this two months already he has loved it with the first note. It has two settings for volume and that works for mom and dad. The music plays easily when baby taps it. Classical.music A few peppy tunes. So far it has held up to drool and lots of banging. No loss of color or notes. So far so good.

Review #: 422
Date: 04 30, 2014
This is a cute toy. I like the music, although not my baby's go to toy. He still plays with it here and there. I like exposing him to the music so it's a good toy for him to have.

Review #: 423
Date: 02 9, 2014
This was my first sons favorite baby toy. It was the first toy he really started paying attention to and we took it everywhere with us. I accidently dropped it out of the car and down the sewer while taking him out of the car one day (what are the odds?!). Baby #2 was due soon so we immediately ordered another one and now that #2 is 10 weeks old, he's starting to pay attention to it as well. #1 has (now 18 months) also started playing with it again since we have it around. Top 5 purchases for first baby toys for sure!

Review #: 424
Date: 04 14, 2014
Absolutely LOVE this. The musical selections are stimulating and my daughter loves it, so much so, I bought a second one: 1 for the car (very hand on long drives), 2 one for the nursery. I would recommend this  for sure. EXCELLENT PRODUCT.

Review #: 425
Date: 06 22, 2011
This may sound silly, but since my daughter will not take a pacifier, this is the only thing I can use to calm her down!  She's had to have a few medical procedures, and the doctors always look at me and say "doesn't she take a pacifier?"  She doesn't, so instead I pull out this toy and she is completely mesmerized!  She loves to stare at the lights, and the music gets her attention even when she's been crying.  Such a small amount of money is totally worth it!!

Review #: 426
Date: 02 7, 2014
My 6 month old can play with this toy, he loves the blinking lights while the music plays. It's a good size for him to hold, and keeps him entertained for a fair amount of time. Obviously, this is not a good toy for church or other quiet activities. We like that there are two options for volume, and I'm not annoyed by the music. We've also dropped this toy lots, and it's still working fine. Would purchase again.

Review #: 427
Date: 07 8, 2014
My baby has had this toy since he was born and he loves it still now that he is almost 1.  He likes the lights and the fact that it is easily carried around and the button is easy to push.

Review #: 428
Date: 06 4, 2014
This is one of my 10 month olds favorite toys! He dances and laughs to the music. And it's nice that it is classical toons.I took one star away because of two reasons. There are only 4 songs, which I cannot really fault them for, at least there are 4! A lot of toys just repeat one annoying toon!But the sticker that the wheel has was chewed off rather quickly leaving an annoying residue behind that I am still meaning to clean off. I still let my son play with it and he still loves it!

Review #: 429
Date: 02 20, 2014
I got this at my baby shower since it was my friend's daughters favorite. It definitely is my own little ones favorite now. If everything else fails and he's having a meltdown...this toy will turn that frown upside down. It's a miracle toy...it really is. He has loved it from the moment that he could somewhat hold it or see it. I was able to get him to try to lift his tummy during tummy time when I started this toy and now at 10 months old this is still the first one he will grab out of his toy box. Do yourself a favor and get this magic number! (As a parent of a child that adores this toy I sometimes wish it had more than 4 melodies...haha) I also love that it has a medium and a loud mode as these toys can get annoyingly loud sometimes. Nice feature.

Review #: 430
Date: 04 28, 2011
This little thing is a life-saver in the car, and great in the stroller.  It's one of the first toys she really loved, and at 13 months, she literally smiles when she sees it.  We think it's great!

Review #: 431
Date: 12 28, 2013
My daughter loves her new toy! It plays several different classical tunes and does it without sounding annoying. My girl (9 mo) likes to chew on the handle and watch the lights. This device has put her to sleep multiple times since she received it a couple days before Christmas.

Review #: 432
Date: 04 6, 2014
What can one say about anything Baby Einstein except you love & wish you'd thought of it!  Simple, sweet, & engaging.  Exactly as expected.

Review #: 433
Date: 06 25, 2014
The songs are cute. My baby seems to love the flashy lights as much as the music. It really captivates here. I love this but have some small suggestions to make it even better. I wish that there was a way to play songs continuously so that you don't have to hit the button every time a tune ends. The speaker, being on the back, tends to get muffled if you put it on a soft surface like a leather couch.

Review #: 434
Date: 12 15, 2011
Our daughter really likes this music player. She never seems to get tired of it - we used it when she was bored or fussy, and she calms down after listening to it... We call it the "music machine". The tunes on it are classics that don't annoy us; they're actually fun. This was a smart purchase.

Review #: 435
Date: 04 2, 2014
This was on every &#34;must have for your infant&#34; list so I bought it for my infant. I really don't see what all the hype is about. It plays several classical tunes and the melodies are nice (not obnoxious like other toys are), but it didn't hold my infant's attention at all. Maybe it's just my kid that wasn't really into it, but I don't get why this has so many good reviews.

Review #: 436
Date: 06 7, 2014
It has a very pleasant sound - the tunes are classic..! My baby loves to bite it - I will place pics of it when it was totally new and now... The only thing I'd change- it's that paper sticker  - watch the pictures I've added- the kid just bite the paper and it doesn't look nice.. but it's ok- the toy works - that's the main thing for me)) I just love it, wanna buy more and more of Einstein toys for my angel.

Review #: 437
Date: 05 17, 2014
What more can I say...my daughter loves this toy and we were only in the US to purchase it when she was 13+ months ahead of the birth of her sibling, so it seems to be a toy which has a long life span. I am almost wondering if I should purchase a second one in case her and her sister fight over it! :-) There is only one instrumental which I find to be not as soothing as the others, but it may be her favorite one, so I can't complain.

Review #: 438
Date: 05 27, 2014
I like baby Einstein toys for babies, and  his one it is very easy and affordable, plus my baby likes it!

Review #: 439
Date: 04 15, 2014
When the first grandchild came along several months ago, there seemed to be a rush to buy books, toys, play mats, and about every other form of entertainment.  Hands down, this Baby Einstein Take Along Tunes is our granddaughter's favorite of everything we have purchased or received as gifts.  The lights are fascinating to her, and the music is exactly right.  The button on the front is big enough and easy enough for her to push that even a three or four month old can change the music if you hold the toy up for her.  She loves this, really....and we are guaranteed a smile from her just by getting it out of the toy basket.  We now keep one upstairs, another downstairs and a third in the travel bag.

Review #: 440
Date: 12 27, 2013
There is not much to this toy, but it has kept my 8 month-old entertained since he was a newborn. And it is much more pleasant to listen to than most flashing, noise-making toys out there today.

Review #: 441
Date: 10 14, 2012
Bright, colorful, good quality music. We have definitely gotten our money's worth out of this little toy. Of course it could be improved somewhat. It would be great if the music played for longer stretches of time, but honestly, our baby has really enjoyed this toy as is, and we don't have any major complaints. Would buy again.

Review #: 442
Date: 05 31, 2014
My son got this as a gift from my grandma at the age of three months. He instantly fell in love with it and now that he is nine months old, he is still incredibly in love with it. It makes music and lights up. He likes to hold onto it, even when it's turned off. I highly recommend this toy and even bought it for someone else we know, who is currently expecting.

Review #: 443
Date: 01 12, 2014
All it does it play classical music and flash blinking lights for 30 seconds at a time, but it's been of the my kids' top 5 favorite toys for going on 3 years. It manages to be soothing, stimulating, and hypnotically fascinating all at once.

Review #: 444
Date: 03 14, 2014
This little, cute toy brings all the precious smiles in my little niece. She simply adores it. My son who is 2 and a half grabs it and dances around the kitchen. The songs are joyful and simply beautiful.

Review #: 445
Date: 03 15, 2014
My baby has loved this since birth through now (5 mos) - he can be screaming at the top of his lungs and when we play this he is mesmerized by the lights and music.  You have to hit the button to get to the next song but this is one of THE BEST toys he's had yet (outside of the O-ball!) - this is definitely a must!  :-)

Review #: 446
Date: 07 2, 2014
Fantastic!  My baby granddaughter has learned how to push the button to make the music and the music is not irritating.

Review #: 447
Date: 04 4, 2014
I got one of these for both of the newest grand children- Julyan and Mia, both hear music all the time and love it. The other grand kids have graduated to  asking for their own songs on the radio; so the babies get their own music where ever we go!

Review #: 448
Date: 02 24, 2014
At first my daughter was not into this toy, but it became a life saver on several occassions once she hit the 6 month mark.  It has distracted her from fussiness during Dr. appointments and really just snaps her into a good mood staring at the lights and listening to the music.  It's a little heavy for her to pick up, but she is soothed by it.

Review #: 449
Date: 04 18, 2010
There are very few toys that are appropriate for children of all ages. "Take Along Tunes" is one of those toys - as a newborn our daughter was fascinated by the blinking lights, but now that she is 8 months she loves the music - and the fact the handle works for a teether.  Our niece is 13 months and she loved the "Take Along Tunes" - it was the perfect size for her hand... and she literally likes to walk around with it in her hand!Pros-- Great for all (young ages)- Nice variety of classical tunes- Two volumes- Batteries last a long time- Colored blinking lights- The handle makes a decent teething ringFinal Verdict - For the price you can not go wrong with "Take Along Tunes" - highly recommended for al parents and daycare providers.5 Stars

Review #: 450
Date: 05 28, 2014
I call this my baby sleeper (a blessing ) only  special items grabs  my daughter attention  she listsen and watch thre light  until she fast asleep the  beautiful melody music will stay in her head for life thank you guys so much!!

Review #: 451
Date: 02 23, 2014
My 8 month old will sit and play with this thing for half an hour at a time. That may not sound like a long time to most adults but people with little kids will understand that half an hour is an eternity of keeping kids occupied!

Review #: 452
Date: 11 29, 2008
This is a great little entertainer for times such as confined in the car seat.  It provides both visual and audio responses to the pushed button, and my grandson will often pick it up and walk around playing the lights and music.  Excellent small learning toy at a great price.

Review #: 453
Date: 07 4, 2012
Another toy purchased by a friend off our registry.  Ignore the review about how the music should loop.  This toy teaches your child that they need to press a button to make the lights and music continue.  This toy is small enough to toss in the diaper bag and bring with you everywhere.  Fun music that has two levels and bright colors to keep your child engaged.

Review #: 454
Date: 01 20, 2014
I bought this for my 2 month old's Christmas stocking this year.  As he is so small and has an older brother with plenty of hand me downs there wasn't too much to give him.  This is a really cute toy.  Bright colors and very engaging music.  The music comes out so clear, its not like other cheap little toys like these.  The music isn't a shrill tone...it's not annoying at all.  I will definitely buy more Baby Einstein toys now.  I really like this!  My son is now 3 months old and isn't really interested in toys yet, but I hope he will enjoy it soon.

Review #: 455
Date: 05 21, 2014
This has been a lifesaver.  We've used this from birth until now (8 months) and she is still so taken by it when we pull it out.  it's easy to throw in the diaper bag or purse or keep in the car for the baby to play with in the car seat.  when she was an infant and would get fussy in her car seat we'd press the button and she was immediately memorized (and quiet!)

Review #: 456
Date: 12 29, 2013
I got it for her when she was just an infant and she still loves it at one year old! I replaced the battery because she used it so much, but it was not hard to do. Get one for your infant.

Review #: 457
Date: 03 26, 2010
I picked up this toy because Amazon listed it the number one selling toy of my son's age group at Christmas time.  It was under $10 so I figured why not?  My son (now 7 months) enjoys it and I certainly got my money's worth.As others mentioned, the sound is clear and not annoying.  There are lights that catch the baby's attention too.  The button doesn't take much to press which is great for young children who don't have good small motor skills.  It's east to take along in a diaper bag and the handle allows you to attach it to car seats, exersaucers or whatver with a toy attacher.  I can't get over how cheap it was for the quality of the product.  It also has two volume levels as well.It's definitly a baby toy, but older kids are amused by it too.  I've had to rescue it from his older brother's (3 & 5) rooms on occasion.

Review #: 458
Date: 07 8, 2014
This is one of baby's favourite toys. He's had it since he was 2.5 months. He's nine months now and he still comes back to this toy, and seems to play with this one longer than the other toys. He knows to press the button to get the music playing by now, and it's cute to watch him. You have to kind of press on the middle part of the button for it to operate, so sometimes it won't play at his first few tries but he'll just sit there pressing it. It's adorable to watch him play with it. Quality of the sound is good, and the volume control is handy.A note, please watch out for the button that you press to turn on the music. It's got a sticker glued on, so if baby's at a stage where he puts everything in his mouth and sucks on it, parts of the sticker might end up in his mouth. Mine's been abused and it's mostly come off. But it doesn't bother baby at all. All he cares about is that there's music and lights.

Review #: 459
Date: 06 17, 2014
This toy was my baby's first favorite toy. From around 2 months old he was enamored by the blinking led lights this toy illuminated with when the music was engaged. He would just watch and watch-- it was adorable. It didn't take him more than a few days to learn how to push the button to engage the song and lights. What I also love about this is that the music is actually fun to listen to and not too repetitive, there are 7 classical melodies which are quite lengthy and sound very nice. The smiley caterpillar and colorful moving beads on the handle gave my baby something to play with other than the music button. This toy offers an off / low / high option which is also nice. The reason this toy did not earn 5 stars is the durability. Young babies/toddlers have a tendency to throw and/or drop toys. This toy eventually stopped playing after it was smacked / dropped one too many times. Since it isn't too expensive I bought another but I do wish it held up a bit better to baby abuse.

Review #: 460
Date: 02 22, 2009
This toy is great.  I bought it for my daugther when she was just three months and now she is 13 months and still loves to play with this toy while we are in the car and out and about.  It has a volume control as well.  The toy is very durable.  My daughter has drops it all the time and we haven't had a problem yet or we have not hat to the change the batteries that came with the toy.  It has been a livesaver.

Review #: 461
Date: 06 24, 2014
My baby loves this toy. He loves listening and bouncing along to the music. I love the two volume settings so it's not always blaringly loud. I only wish the little colored balls on the side were more squishy and not so hard. Baby loves to stick them in his mouth because he's teething.

Review #: 462
Date: 01 28, 2014
beautiful fun joyful bouncy tunes, not too loud, just a few lights flashing, help the attention of the very very young baby. 3 year later we still have it with our music stuff just cause.

Review #: 463
Date: 07 27, 2013
The first thing my baby did was to drop this on the floor. It resulted in one of the melody having some weird feedback, but nothing too major. Lovely music, but wish that there are more pieces to rotate with. The button is not that easy for little fingers to press, would be great if it is build with soft fabric like Leapfrog musical counting pal. As some reviewers have mentioned, the hard plastic means that we have to watch our babies in case they smack their face/head while playing with it. I also found it a it puzzling that the speaker is at the back of the toy, if I place it on the mattress or mat, the music get muffled.

Review #: 464
Date: 05 5, 2014
This is my son's ALL TIME FAVORITE toy - EVER. He just LOVES it!! We actually have two so that we can keep one in the car and one in the house. The music seems to immediately calm him. Seriously - best toy ever.

Review #: 465
Date: 07 1, 2014
Love this toy! My son loves it oo! He's now 15 months and has had it since he was 2 months. It's one toy we use at home and outside (in the car, stroller, etc). He even hums one of the songs randomly. It's also been dropped so many times but still works. It was definitely a great buy! Might be my #1 baby purchase!

Review #: 466
Date: 06 26, 2014
THis is a great music option in the car...which I can turn on with out looking or give to my son to play with and he gets a kick out of the pretty lights.

Review #: 467
Date: 02 10, 2009
This little "radio" is great. My 8 week old baby loves listening to it, and most of all, following the lights with his eyes. There are various snippets of upbeat classical songs that will calm your baby when s/he is fussy. I sometimes use it when I am nursing as well. At night time, in a darkened room, the lights/music work to soothe and comfort baby, ultimately lulling him to sleep. I love this product. It comes with batteries and is a steal at this price. It is simple, but invaluable. Highly recommended.

Review #: 468
Date: 12 23, 2013
We didn't buy this for my daughter until she was about 11 months old and we were about to move cross-country so we needed some good car toys. She's now 13 months old and still loves this thing!! She pushes the button herself to play the music and lights and sometimes will keep it going for 20 mins straight (that's huge for a toddler!!). The music itself is nice, my husband describes it as the most calming toy she has. The lights are pretty and blink with the music (they look especially impressive when we drive at night!).Her face just lights up and she moves to the music when we hand this to her after buckling her in her car seat. I'm back to buy a second one so she can use it in Gammy's car too!

Review #: 469
Date: 01 10, 2014
my 9 month old daughter uses this toy, she's able to easily hold it and when the music plays she claps her hands. the lights keep her attention too.

Review #: 470
Date: 08 11, 2009
We discovered very early that our new baby boy liked music. So, we outfitted him with a variety of musical toys. Some were for the crib. Some were play stations. One was the small Baby Einstein Takealong Tunes device which we use primarily in his stroller.He loves it. As we walk along he is constantly pushing the button and changing the tunes. Sometimes he'll do this for the entire 2- to 3-mile walk. Fortunately, the tunes are classical numbers, and very attractively done. A lot of baby tunes quickly give me audio fatigue, but I enjoy the selection of tunes on this toy. I should add that the little tike is still somewhat spastic and tosses the device out of the stroller from time to time. I wince as I hear it clunk onto the pavement, but it evidently is quite durable and we've had no problems with damage. Plus, it seems to be gentle with batteries. This is a great little musical toy, and it's very inexpensive. Good value!Gary Peterson

Review #: 471
Date: 07 6, 2014
My baby was not to excited about this,  the songs were very electronic and he is 6 months and he gets bored of the teething handle very quickly.  We have had this for a few months so maybe he will like this later.

Review #: 472
Date: 02 19, 2014
This is the only toy he plays with in the carseat.  Keeps him occupied with lights and the music is NOT annoying.

Review #: 473
Date: 03 26, 2014
I don't know what it is about this toy but my granddaughter won't leave it alone.  Of all her toys this is the one she plays with the most even though she has many toys that play music, make noise, move, light up, etc.  Since about 7-8 months, she gravitates to this toy, lays her face on it and plays music until she goes to sleep.  We have to move it after she's sleeping because it simply can't be comfortable to sleep with your head on this thing.I bought a second for my daughter's house because it's the best way to give baby a nap.

Review #: 474
Date: 04 17, 2014
sounds is not too loud just right for baby, but somehow my baby does not like it much...other simple toy much better for her. product is great, no issue at all

Review #: 475
Date: 04 1, 2014
My daughter has a thousand toys - well it's more like 50 toys, but she like this one the best and has for months. I would recommed this toy for any child under two. Plus the tunes are classic and fun!

Review #: 476
Date: 11 21, 2011
My baby loves this toy!!!  She is only 13 weeks old and loves anything with lights and sounds and this was just the perfect size for me to bring this everywhere we go!  I love the fact that there are 3 settings (turn off, low volume, higher volume) unlike other toys where I'd have to wait for the songs to end!  Can't go wrong with the price either!  I would definitely get this as a baby shower gift!

Review #: 477
Date: 01 18, 2014
I bought this Baby Einstein Take Along Tunes for my grandson as a result of my granddaughter's rave reviews: It was her favorite toy that soothed her when she was a baby. Often when she was tired or fussy, the tunes pacified and quieted her. Her mother told me that the Take Along Tunes was a &#34;life saver&#34; during long trips in the car, such as on family vacations. When Baby got bored or restless from being cooped up in a car and immobilized by safety restraints, Mom pulled out the Tunes, which always entertained and calmed our baby girl. This toy plays classic and classical songs that are pleasant to listen to -- not annoying sing-song junk. There are two volume settings, in addition to ON and OFF. We'll soon find out if Baby Boy enjoys the Take Along Tunes as much as his sister did.

Review #: 478
Date: 06 30, 2014
definitely a good buy.  6 months later, my daughter still loves it and play with it from time to time.

Review #: 479
Date: 11 22, 2011
This is another winner from Baby Einstein. The look and the feel is very appealing to babies, and the sound is so pleasant that it won't send the adults running out of the room after a couple of minutes.Put it in the hands of your child and you'll see that you've gottan a lot for your money, since this toy both entertains and soothes! The minute we put it near our little Brian, his eyes opened wide and he had a great smile on his face. It's as much fun for us as it is for the baby!Bravo, Baby Einstein!

Review #: 480
Date: 01 12, 2014
i got this as a gift and had to get another one since we lost one. this is one of their favorite toys and the reviews also said the same. they didn't play as much with it when younger but do so from 8 months til now 13 months

Review #: 481
Date: 04 29, 2014
Although I got this item at my baby shower, I didn't introduce it to the baby until he was 6 months old.  I was kind of surprised at how large this toy is and it is a little hard for him to hold on to, but he seems to be working it out.  Certainly the baby loves the combination of music with flashing lights, I just wish the toy could be slightly smaller.  One star deducted for the size, but otherwise this seems to be a well-built toy that is entertaining to baby.

Review #: 482
Date: 02 3, 2014
Baby loves it, he even uses it as a teething toy.  When he was a newborn this is the only thing that calms him when he fuss at night.  He loves it that much we ordered a second one for going out.There are two things I love seeing change:-&#62; the blinking lights... even though it suppose to blink according to the music but I think it's way too fast and too bright for babies' sensitive eyes.-&#62; the louder volume glitch... on both of our toy the louder volume dies and off tune.other than that it is the best toy :)

Review #: 483
Date: 12 22, 2010
my daughter loves this toy, but I am very concerned that this was manufactured with toxic plastics (e.g., BPAs).  The appropriate age range given by the manufacturer is 3+ months, and my 5 month old keeps wanting to suck on this toy.  Given she's inevitably going to have her mouth all over this toy, the materials are very important.  I've tried calling Baby Einstein, and they were very dodgy in response and forwarded me to Kids II.  Kids II has yet to respond to my query about what materials went into the manufacture of this product or are being ingested by my daughter.  I worry that this is an unsafe toy, but am unclear what to do now that I have it because there is a clear mark to not throw in ordinary garbage on the back of this device - so if it's not safe for the trash can, how is it safe for my child?  Until I get answers, it's on a shelf where it can't harm a kid.

Review #: 484
Date: 09 26, 2013
My 6 month old son requires lots of stimulation to keep him from a meltdown.  He's a high maintenance baby who's drawn to lights and sounds.  The problem I had with most toys that had these qualities was that the noise/lights only played for a few seconds.  I was constantly needing to push the button to get the music started again.  This toy, however, plays music longer than most other toys.  The lights are pleasing to my son because they are quick flickering lights that change cadence and color often.  The best part of the toy, though, is how pleasant the songs are.  It's not the same harsh, annoying kids music you usually get with items like this.  They are softer, better quality sounds.  The toy has two sound modes so you can adjust volume, so that's nice.  I usually attach the handle of the toy to a Baby Buddy Secure A Toy (http://www.amazon.com/Baby-Buddy-Secure-A-Toy-Navy-Blue/dp/B003Y3BH1G/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1380243177&sr=8-1&keywords=toy+leash) and attach it to my stroller or carseat.  This toy is not so obnoxious where I feel self conscious about playing it in public, so that's a bonus.  The only downfall I see if that the handle is a bit wide, so my son is unable to grip it.  In order for him to push the button and/or watch the screen, I usually have to prop it for him a little.  All in all, it's a great addition to his toy box!

Review #: 485
Date: 12 7, 2013
This is my daughter&#8217;s favorite toy.  We bought it for her back when she was about 3 or 4 months, and now, at 10 months old still plays with it! It&#8217;s the best thing to distract her in a restaurant, or in the car seat.  I rave about this toy, and just bought it for my cousin&#8217;s new baby!

Review #: 486
Date: 02 15, 2014
We have this at my daughter's changing table and play it for her every time we change her diaper and she NEVER CRIES! She just stares and the lights (we turn it over so she can see the lights flashing) and she loves the music! I also take it if we go out of town because it will calm her instantly if she ever gets fussy. Now that she's 4 months old, she grabs on to it and brings it to her mouth and likes to chew on the rings on the handle bar. A must-have for every baby!

Review #: 487
Date: 08 6, 2008
We use this toy all the time when we need to distract my son (ie in a doctor's office, restaurant, long car rides, etc).  It is pleasant sounding and the button is easy to press and the handle makes it easy for my one year old to grip.  I liked it so much I just purchased one for my friend's baby.

Review #: 488
Date: 01 12, 2014
my daughter loves playing with it. she has had them for more than six months still love it. Great buy

Review #: 489
Date: 05 21, 2014
I was on the fence about ordering this - we had so many toys for my infant already, that I didn't think I needed this.  It sat on my wishlist for awhile and then I finally ordered after seeing all the reviews.  I'm so glad I purchased!  I started using this with my baby when she was two months.  I would hold it in front of her and play the music, which she loved (she is now three months and her face still lights up whenever I bring it out).  She also loves staring that the lights on the display screen.  The songs are catchy, but not annoying.  There is a switch at the top that can turn the unit completely off and toggle between two volume settings.  The unit only plays one song at a time when the button is pressed, but it's nice to have an 'off' feature so it doesn't turn on and play when in the diaper bag.  I know my daughter will continue to get much use of it this for many months to come.

Review #: 490
Date: 01 31, 2014
I love this toy. The music isn't annoying. It has two volume settings and an off switch. My daughter enjoyed it from around 3 months and figured out how to press the button around 5 or 6 months.

Review #: 491
Date: 01 10, 2014
Great sound quality.  Easy for baby to operate.  This has been and continues to be a favorite.  We don't leave home without it.

Review #: 492
Date: 07 12, 2014
BEST BABY TOY EVER!  This was the first toy my baby became interested in at about 7 weeks old, and at 8 months, she still loves it.  She loves this toy so much, it is the go to toy if she is upset.  I keep one in my diaper bag and one at home so I never have to be without it.  When she was 5 months, she was very cranky on a flight to visit family and I laid her on my lap and just moved this toy up and down with the music and lights going.  It honestly kept her happy and content for about 30 minutes (which for a baby is a lifetime).  Great during tummy time, and motivation to crawl.  Also, for a baby toy, the music is suprisingly not annoying,  I can listen to this for long periods of time and it doesn't drive me crazy.

Review #: 493
Date: 01 3, 2014
Bought it for my 4 month old for Christmas and we both love it! It plays simple classical music, is easy to hold and has simple buttons. There is a way to control the volume up, down or off, and a large center button to start the music or change the song. We take this in the car when we travel. The first one I bought had a defective speaker that made a buzzing noise, but Amazon was quick to send me a replacement within 2 days. I would recommend to friends, and will be buying for my sis who is expecting a baby in a few months.

Review #: 494
Date: 11 21, 2013
This has been a favorite of my daughters since she was about 5 months old. She is now 15 months old and loves this more than most of her other toys.

Review #: 495
Date: 06 29, 2014
Two volume levels and off/on switch is nice. Music is entertaining and also doubles as a teether. Easy to hold on to and attach to links.

Review #: 496
Date: 01 9, 2014
One of her favorite toys. My daughter often played with it. It was a good purchase. I think it was one of our best

Review #: 497
Date: 06 28, 2010
We call this the 'baby hypnotizer' -- it is the only thing that calms our baby when he really gets crying.  It is actually wierd; we just turn it on, and he stops crying and stares at the lights.  The nice thing is that it is small and portable, has two volume settings, and plays 6 classical songs in a loop (rather than the same thing over and over again) so you don't get totally sick of hearing it.

Review #: 498
Date: 07 10, 2014
Wonderful! My son loves music, so this makes it one of his favorite toys. He has no problem pushing the button, but also loves to chew the caterpillar's head!

Review #: 499
Date: 02 20, 2014
This is a perfect little toy to distract a fussy baby and provide musical entertainment with flashing lights. Great for keeping in a travel diaper bag!

Review #: 500
Date: 05 4, 2014
I love this toy, more importantly, my child loves it.  I got it for her when she was first born, she is now 2 and it still gets lots of play.  I buy it for all my expecting mom friends and family.  Highly recommend.  Handle great for gripping, easy to wipe clean, batteries are simple to replace, sound and lights are great - lights aren't to overwhelmingly flashy and move to the rhythm of the song.  It's excellent. NOTE: do not leave outside, should it get damp from dew it will start to stick and not work well (that prob goes without saying, I learned my lesson. ha ha ha)

Review #: 501
Date: 04 24, 2014
This has worked from birth to 10 months (so far), and is showing no signs of being replaced by some other toy as my daughter's favorite.  She bops along to the music, and looks at the lights.  She has smacked it around pretty hard, and it really shows no sign of wear, despite being abused.  Highly recommend, although with rechargeable batteries, because you will be going through lots!Update- we are at almost a year, and my daughter still loves this toy.  Unsurprisingly, it is now showing signs of wear- the constant smacking has caused it to stop playing music after being dropped to the floor, but then if you hit the button again, it restarts.  Also, the sticker on the button on the front has now worn quite a bit.  Given the price of the toy, and the extent to which it has been used, I am extremely pleased by this product still.

Review #: 502
Date: 02 23, 2014
What is better for a baby but music. Easy to take along. Love baby Einstein products. Can be used for a long period of time.

Review #: 503
Date: 12 29, 2013
Great toy! It has been both entertaining and soothing for daughter since she was 3 months. She's now 10 months and still using it on her car rides.Get this for your infant and happy parenting!

Review #: 504
Date: 04 6, 2014
my kids played with it for a few weeks before getting bored. It always worked even when dropped on tile floor. It didn't hold their attention very long though.

Review #: 505
Date: 02 24, 2014
My baby really liked the soothing tunes and bright moving lights.  Has kept her amused for months, and now that she's a little older I bring it out on long car rides.

Review #: 506
Date: 04 4, 2014
This is a little clunky, but I like the variety of music it plays and the button is easy to press.  A lot of toys only play the same two songs, so it is really nice to hear some other music that does not make you want to beat your head against a wall.

Review #: 507
Date: 05 29, 2011
We have had this for almost a year, and my husband and I were just commenting recently on what an amazing buy it has been, and how durable it is.  Firstly, my now 17-month old daughter just loves it.  She did have trouble pushing the button at first, but I think she mastered it around 9-10months.  We call it her iPod.  She chooses to play music from it whenever she wants to bounce on one of her bouncing toys, or dance with one of us, or dance on her own.  It has handled a LOT of dropping.  Ours is not the same as the model pictured, it looks like the handle and button in the middle have changed.  Ours is still pretty much good as new except that the sticker on the button is fading from wear.  We have not had to replace batteries yet.  I like that this doesn't get overly annoying like many other kiddie music items.

Review #: 508
Date: 04 27, 2014
At first glance I was hesitant to buy this product but I am so glad I did. My son, who is now 13 months, had this for the last 3 months or so and he loves it so much I put it in his crib and I know he is awake because I hear it going. It is almost shocking to me how they were able to make something that a baby is so drawn to from such a young age. Good work.

Review #: 509
Date: 04 20, 2010
I just bought this the other day for my daughter and she loves it!  It's funny, she puts it under her foot in the carseat and plays the music with her heel, while still holding her two best friends, Mortimer the Moose and Bear.  The music is nice, even in the loud position it won't grate on your nerves.

Review #: 510
Date: 07 3, 2014
I got this for my now two year old son when he was no more than about four months. It was instantly his favorite toy. It would immediately halt even the saddest crying sessions. He still likes this toy in the car and we have gotten it for every baby shower we have attended since my son got this toy. For what it's worth, my husband and I are both professional classical musicians and we don't mind listening to this musical toy because the intonation and quality of the music is pretty good. Highly recommend.

Review #: 511
Date: 01 6, 2014
This is a fun toy. Love it and it's my go-to gift to anyone with a one year old plus.

Review #: 512
Date: 03 18, 2014
The toy has a very good quality, suitable for child, my kids really like it.  I believe that every family needs it.

Review #: 513
Date: 05 5, 2014
i bought 2 of this for me and my friend.my friend told me this was one of &#34;must have&#34; and I agree with it now.babies love this small little simple toy

Review #: 514
Date: 05 31, 2011
I bought this for my son when he was about 4 months old. He used to play with it on his mat, etc. But then I decided to leave it strapped onto his stroller for more convenient use and so he would always have entertainment whether we were on a walk or going to the store. He loves it! He's 9 months now and still enjoys it and is mesmerized by the music and the lights. It's almost out of batteries I think, but for having it over 5 months, and him pressing the buttons constantly I assume that would be expected. It looks like they have a new design now, I hope it's as good as quality as the one we have now- it is really great! I would definitely recommend this item, as well as purchase it again!

Review #: 515
Date: 04 6, 2014
Kids really liked this toy.  Seemed to engage them more than other musical take alongside. Easy to carry and the sound was good.

Review #: 516
Date: 02 12, 2014
You really can't go wrong with this toy. In the beginning I was worried the sounds and light would be too bright for my baby, but after a few months this was our GO-TO toy. It's great when your baby can start holding it and even press the button to change the music. There are 4 different songs that can be played and two volume options. Plus the price can't be beat. Much cheaper on amazon, unless you have a great coupon for Toys R Us.

Review #: 517
Date: 01 14, 2014
I bought this because of all the good reviews, but I suspected I was falling for a good marketing strategy.  I think it's overrated.  The plastic is hard.  I don't feel comfortable leaving my baby alone with the toy.  It seems too likely she'll hit her head with it.  The music is okay--but not nearly as good as others seem to believe. The lights attract the baby's attention, but it doesn't sustain her interest.  She sometimes hits the button, but it's not a given.  The beads on the side are decorative.  There's not much a baby can do with them. They don't rattle.  There's not enough room for them to move up and down the handle.  On the whole, I find the toy rather annoying.  The reviewers who say this is great for parents too must be more tolerant than me.

Review #: 518
Date: 02 25, 2014
The baby likes the music this toy plays and he's intrigued by the lights that flash on the toy.  I have to press the button for him because he's still too young, but sometimes he will press it on his own so don't worry the button isn't hard to press or anything. Great toy with nice music at a great price. It's a little smaller in person than what I thought it would be but that's ok because this makes it a nice sized toy to travel with if the baby ends up liking it more as he gets a bit older.

Review #: 519
Date: 07 10, 2014
Simple toy but he likes it. Not annoying music. Wish it played a little longer for each push, but overall a great value toy. We use it in the car and my 2 month old loves it.

Review #: 520
Date: 03 4, 2014
Bought this for my son and he loves it well when he was smaller. Now at 2 years old it is still strong despite all the falls and throwing outside the window. He plays it while going to sleep

Review #: 521
Date: 07 9, 2011
We bought this for our son when he was only a few weeks old. He has suffered from acid reflux and would cry for hours. Even though he couldnt play with the toy the music often bought us some peace and quiet. combined with the flashing lights we found it would distract him from crying and he would just stare at it. sometime we would just rock him hitting the button over and over for hours. Now he is 4 months old and this is still his favorite toy only now he can push the button himself and chew on it. The volume is great and it has two levels. still have not had to change the batteries either. this toy has gotten us through many dinners and car rides. we even bought the baby einstiens jumper because of this toy which is equally great since it has 2 of the same tunes that my son obviously recognizes.

Review #: 522
Date: 12 20, 2013
This toy has lasted us 3 years. It plays nice music(not annoying) and although it's really dinged up, it still works fine.

Review #: 523
Date: 06 12, 2014
Cute and very entertaining, plays lovely music and bright colors, also great to takr along on any outing keeps my child busy listening to the classical tunes

Review #: 524
Date: 09 14, 2011
Similar toBaby Einstein Count and Compose Piano, the speaker holes are on the bottom of this toy so if this toy is not held and instead laid on its back, you will not hear anything! There is a definite volume problem though even with out that issue as the loudest settings is not quite loud enough, in my opinion.There's really 1 button to this toy and that is the colored circle you see in the picture. The rectangular window just lights up while a melody is playing. The melodies are also pretty short in length though there is pretty good variety in terms of the variety.The balls alongside the handle don't really do much in terms of entertaining as there isn't really much room for them to travel along the handle so they kind of just sit there.If your baby can hold a toy and not drop it constantly or let it fall on its back, then maybe this toy is good for you.In general, there is probably better out there.

Review #: 525
Date: 02 20, 2012
Bought two of these for my twin girls.Pros:- cheap price but good quality- music, lights, bright colors to attract attention- handle for baby to hold, safe to chew on- volume levels and off switch- can be used for yearsMy girls enjoy this toy and it's a cute stocking stuffer or baby shower gift as well.

Review #: 526
Date: 12 27, 2013
The musical sound is so clear, loud but in a good way and the selection of music is fabulous, not to mention the portable size is so convenient.  Another GREAT Baby Einstein product!!!!!!

Review #: 527
Date: 12 28, 2013
For a modern musical toy, this has more of an old school authentic sound (although still plainly digital). Also the song selection is a quite nicely varied mix of classical montages, and there are enough of them to rotate through to keep your little one entertained and the parents from going nuts. Two volume settings are both good for different situations and haven't had to change the batteries yet after 8 months. A 'must take' for road trips.

Review #: 528
Date: 09 1, 2012
I bought this for my son when he was about 4 months old. He absolutely loves the music/light show. The only reason I won't give this toy 5 stars is due to the fact that when he hit 9 months old he somehow figured out how to scrape off much of the paper sticker on the button with his bottom teeth. I can only guess how much he ingested. Although,in all fairness my son is fairly proficient at scraping things with his teeth. I had to buy those guard rail covers for his crib because he was scraping paint off. So, if you have an overzealous chewer like my baby you might want to keep a close eye on them while they play with this particular toy.

Review #: 529
Date: 02 10, 2014
At 5 months my son mostly played with the handle. At 6 months he started throwing things around and this one survived being thrown from high chair during each feeding. At 7 months he figured out how to turn on the music and at 8 months he started dancing after he turned it on. Now he is turning one but he finds it in the toy chest and plays with it consistently several times a week.

Review #: 530
Date: 01 20, 2014
My son is 12 months old and he loves this thing. The buttons are big enough for him to push easily and he quickly learned how to change songs on his own. When we say &#34;Put on your music&#34; he grabs it and presses the play button and if its not his favorite of the four songs, he clicks forward til he hears it. Wonderful, simple and a bonus is that the classical tunes are not annoying :) A perfect carseat toy.

Review #: 531
Date: 05 27, 2014
Ever since he was 2 month old, my son has loved this. In fact it was so good, I had to buy another one when he broke the first one. Its always in our diaper bag and has been a savior many many times!

Review #: 532
Date: 04 11, 2014
This is holding up really good my daughter drops it and it hits the hard floor a few times a day! And still working

Review #: 533
Date: 12 27, 2013
My kids loved this! From when they were 1 month to about 9 months (and I still find them playing with it occasionally at 1 year).

Review #: 534
Date: 03 7, 2014
My little one loves this toy.  Once she learned to hold it herself and push the button, it keeps her entertained in the car since she likes to listen to music.  Also, the caterpillar head is great for chewing.  I very highly recommend this product for parents with babies.  My baby is now 15 months old and still loves this toy in the car!

Review #: 535
Date: 06 22, 2014
This has been my baby's favorite since birth up until 8 months of age. Now at 9+ months we rarely use it anymore but it's been great.As a mother I am so thankful to this toy because it assisted me with so many times in diaper changes. When baby started becoming increasingly mobile turning on this toy so many times provided just enough distraction for me to quickly change the diaper.The selection of melodies is nice. The volume is just right, not too loud. The head of this little yellow creature is perfect for mouthing and biting.The batteries last forever.It is also a great toy for traveling.Would buy again!

Review #: 536
Date: 02 4, 2014
We have used this since my son was 1 week, the music it plays is great, as well as the colors. We always take it with us when going out to eat as it entertains baby.

Review #: 537
Date: 06 18, 2014
All of the reviews are true.  Babies just love this toy.  It's got a low and high volume adjustment and plays a few songs.  Each song lasts a good minute or so.

Review #: 538
Date: 07 6, 2014
My 11 week old loves it, and she can't even get full use out of it yet. Best $8 spent on a toy yet for her. Highly recommend. Parent plus: the music actually is pleasant to listen to, and the volume is adjustable to a decent level.

Review #: 539
Date: 07 2, 2012
I bought this toy for my 1-1/2 yr old, who LOVES it, and his older brother who's 2-1/2 actually loves it too. It keeps them amused for hours; it's great. I'm actually buying my second one because their first one stopped working after using it so much. Definitely worth the money.

Review #: 540
Date: 04 10, 2014
My infant grandbaby loves this in her bassinet. It puts her asleep. This is freaking awesome. you won't be sorry you tried this.

Review #: 541
Date: 07 11, 2014
Hudson's favorite toy !Between the blinking lights, music and great handle to hold and suck...this was perfect !

Review #: 542
Date: 02 3, 2014
Soothing music for baby & easy for baby to handle. Got this for my 6 month old grandson & he loves it.

Review #: 543
Date: 02 11, 2014
Gave this to my great grandson for Christmas,believe it or not he is still playing with it and it's a fun toy for him,it's also very well made he does everything a little boy would do to a toy and it's still looking like new.

Review #: 544
Date: 05 26, 2014
- great size to be attached to the pram- volume can be adjusted- able to entertain my 3 month old

Review #: 545
Date: 06 2, 2014
I bought this for my granddaughter to have in the car when she is sitting in the car seat.  The music is pleasant and keeps her busy while having to sit in car seat.

Review #: 546
Date: 01 31, 2014
This toy is simple for a baby to use and very entertaining for short periods of time. After reading several reviews here, I bought one for my 5 month old grandson and put it on the changing table. He grabs it immediately after I lay him down and it keeps him happy through diaper and clothing changes.Pros: It's easy for him to hold and the music is very pleasant. (I wouldn't really call this typical classical music, but rather a kids version of familiar classical selections!) It has a high/low/off volume control slider button. There are multicolored flashing lights that he likes to watch. He also loves gnawing on the handle and turning the beads around.Cons: The noise and the weight makes this toy something I wouldn't take in the car or on an airplane. It would be a hazard if thrown, and the music could be annoying to others in a confined space on longer trips. It does require batteries, another reason to limit its use to short amounts of time. A book or other "quiet" toy is what I use in the car.~Update~ April 2014This toy has become one of his favorites and gets dragged from room to room no matter what else we're doing. He wants it while I'm changing him, after we come in from a car ride, on the floor, in the crib after naps, before/after/during meals and would surely demand it during bath time if we'd let him have it (but can't because of the batteries!) I thought he would have grown tired of the same sounds/lights/colors by now at 8 months old, but nope... He just loves this thing! We've not had to change batteries yet (amazing, I know!) and it's been dropped from high chair height onto hard floors, drooled on, thrown and tripped over, and even banged repeatedly against crib rails and walker tray with no damage whatsoever. I highly recommend this toy for the 4 months and older group. And the price point is outstanding for the entertainment value.

Review #: 547
Date: 01 30, 2014
I bought this for my grandson, to entertain him in the car.  He loves it. I like the selection of music.

Review #: 548
Date: 03 2, 2014
I like the variety of sings but I believe the lights are way to bright for a baby. Also It doesn't do anything except play these songs. My 4 month old isn't too interested in it but it's okay

Review #: 549
Date: 03 20, 2014
This is actually smaller than expected (and that's a good thing!) I didn't want anything too bulky for my daughter to handle and accidently hit herself with it.  It's lightweight.  The tunes are great and the twinkling lights capture her attention.  I like that it has two volume settings as well.  Great price too! I highly recommend this for all babies.

Review #: 550
Date: 01 28, 2014
My son loves his take along tunes. He plays music every day. He dances to the music. He is 17 months old. We have it for few months. No complaints.

Review #: 551
Date: 02 8, 2014
This is my go-to baby shower gift because I haven't met a child yet that doesn't like this toy.  My son has loved it even before he could hit the button himself and he still likes it at 2 years old.  It's a winner!

Review #: 552
Date: 02 9, 2009
This is the one toy that my 2 boys (5 and 2) will fight over every single time; we had to buy 2 of them just to restore family harmony in the car.  It's their default travel toy and they ask for it every time.  Both of them love putting it up next to their ear and listening for 20-30 minutes just as much as they enjoy watching the lights.This is one of the few music toys that plays music selections that are long enough for to be entertaining (and for parents that know the tunes, the pieces are not annoyingly edited or cut short).  It's not obnoxiously loud, either, which is AWESOME for parents, and the batteries last a long time too.Highly recommend this toy!

Review #: 553
Date: 12 30, 2013
My six month old grandson loved his Baby Einstein.  It was light enough to hold and fling around.  He loved biting on the rings as well as listening to the tunes.

Review #: 554
Date: 05 15, 2014
I'm convinced this is some kind of magic toy all babies like. It looks generic and plain, but turned out to be baby's first favorite toy. The big round music button is easy to press and the lights are captivating. It is lightweight and easy for little hands to pick up and hold. The music rotation is tolerable for adults.

Review #: 555
Date: 03 4, 2014
We purchased this toy when our daughter turned 2 months.  We realized the power of this when a baby who hates tummy time started to stay on her tummy longer without crying when the music was playing in front of her.  She would try to look at the music player and it would distract her and allow us to do longer and longer tummy time sessions.  She is not almost 6 months and she plays with it herself during tummy time and while on her back on her activity center.Also - there are 4 or 5 different classical instrumental songs that is not annoying so we, as parents, can listen to it over and over and over again.We highly recommend this toy to help distract and entertain your baby for tummy time or bottle time (she hated that too).

Review #: 556
Date: 03 13, 2013
We were looking for a portable music player for when we travel with our 7-month old. She likes to fall asleep to music in her crib (like the music box with the mobile) and we wanted something that would play for a little bit. However, this only plays music for about 45 seconds or so. The toy is fine and she loves playing with it and the music quality is good. But just don't expect the music to play for any length of time.

Review #: 557
Date: 05 6, 2014
My 16 month old daughter still enjoys this toy and it is very durable.  I believe we have left it outside, thrown it on the ground several times and it holds up.  Plays great little tunes and lights up

Review #: 558
Date: 07 8, 2014
i like the music but baby was only interested in this for a while before picking up another toy.

Review #: 559
Date: 05 15, 2014
We were gifted this by a friend whose son loved it. Another friend gave us their used one as well. I keep one in my diaper bag at all times and one at home. It has saved me on the road and while out several times. Most recently, I used this to distract my daughter while she was getting her 3 month pictures taken. Without it, the pictures would have been a wash. I love that it has two sound levels on it and is just the perfect little size. A must have toy and great shower gift.

Review #: 560
Date: 05 27, 2014
This is GREAT! My almost 1 year old loves it. We take it everywhere. I like that the music has two volumes. Love the lights and so does my little man. Way to go Baby Einstein!

Review #: 561
Date: 02 26, 2014
This was the only toy that got my daughter to stop crying when she was a baby. she took it everywhere.

Review #: 562
Date: 10 23, 2013
My daughter loves to &#34;dance&#34; to music and this plays pleasant classical music tunes that I don't mind her playing over and over again. She quickly learned how to press the big button on the front and it would play her music.  It is small enough and light enough to pack into a diaper bag.It also has an on/off button with 2 choices of volumes.  The price is great too. Not sure what the beads on the handle are good for, but they aren't noisy.

Review #: 563
Date: 03 11, 2014
My baby seemed to like this toy, but just after a few days of using it, no sound was coming out anymore! The blinking lights were working, but no more music. Not worth the money for a musical toy with no music.

Review #: 564
Date: 10 8, 2013
Even before I had this out of the package the sound came on and was, as other reviews had said, a really nice sound. I love the classical music and I am sure baby will too. It is a perfect size and easy for baby to manipulate.

Review #: 565
Date: 01 6, 2014
Our little friendly toddler &#34;M&#34; loves to play with this and I think it is a big hit considering her age when we gave it to her and how long it interested her, and it is bright happy colors and make well!  It is more than a year later since we bought it and her little sister likes to see and hear it now. And &#34;M&#34; likes to play it for her little sister

Review #: 566
Date: 11 1, 2008
We bought this toy for a car trip and our 15 month old played with it for about ten minutes before waving to it and saying "bye bye".  Initially she always seems very interested in this toy, but then quickly gets bored.  I would imagine that the blinking lights and soothing music (it is not annoying in the least) would be interesting to a younger baby.

Review #: 567
Date: 06 3, 2013
This was my son's first toy and he absolutely loved it. The colorful lights that blinked with the music immediately caught his attention. When he was about three to four months old this was the only toy that really kept his attention and kept him happy during tummy time, especially once he figured out that he could control the songs by pressing the button. I started to think that he liked some tunes more than others. Now that he's eight months old it doesn't keep him quite as engaged but he likes chewing on the little rings around the handle and whenever he sees it amongst his pile of toys he will always reach out to press the button and turn on the music. It's sturdy as well, surviving many falls and throws. I really like that the volume has two settings as well. The lowest is perfectly fine, but it was nice to be able to turn it up so that he could hear it while we were out.

Review #: 568
Date: 08 5, 2009
Great product, nice tunes... deducted one star because unit does not have the continuous play feature. You have to keep pressing the play button after each song. My baby is not old enough to do this on his own.... but he loves to stare at the flashing lights when the songs are playing.I will rate this 4.5 stars out of 5.... but since we can only rate one star at a time then i rated it 4 stars here.

Review #: 569
Date: 11 2, 2011
I love this toy, and more importantly so does our little grandson. Based on the favorable reviews I had high hopes for this Baby Einstein toy, and it meets and exceeds all of my expectations. There are seven classic melodies on this music player that are produced with pleasant, unmuffled sound at a reasonable volume. There's even an easy to operate volume control on top.Even a caveman could operate the Take Along Tunes Device by just pressing the large button on the front. In addition to the entertaining music there are also flashing lights to mesmerize the child while listening to a tune. The easy-grip handle has four, colorful, sliding beads for an additional entertainment/educational factor.As a newbie just being reintroduced to the world of baby boys, I am totally entralled by this toy and highly recommend it.The nostalgic William Tell Overture or Lone Ranger theme is my favorite of the tunes.

Review #: 570
Date: 05 5, 2014
We call this our baby's &#34;ipod&#34;  he takes it everywhere and loves it!  A great toy for a 9 month old

Review #: 571
Date: 02 18, 2011
My 6 month old has loved this toy since he was 4 months old. When he was that little this was sometimes the only thing that would calm him when he would get upset or fussy in the car. The lights are just soft enough and just bright enough to be perfect. The music is delicate enough to not be annoying, and he loves it. It's very easy for a small baby to operate. We have two. My dad got him one for Xmas and he also received one that came as part of a larger set. I keep one in the car and for the diaper bag and the other one stays home. We love it!

Review #: 572
Date: 08 24, 2008
I bought this to keep the baby occupied in the car when driving, since he cannot see me (he is still rear facing). He loves the little tunes and the lights keep he happy for a while

Review #: 573
Date: 06 25, 2014
My son loved this he is four months old.i would recommend this for any baby they will like it music is fun and has volume controls.

Review #: 574
Date: 06 13, 2014
my nephew just loves this. easy to hold and large button to push. I really like that it plays classical music.

Review #: 575
Date: 07 2, 2014
The baby, now just 4 months old,  ADORES this. When he starts to get upset we turn this on and he reaches for it and calms down totally fascinated by it.

Review #: 576
Date: 03 17, 2014
My 2 month old loves this toy. He loves to watch the lights move and even seems to have a favorite song already. I really like that it has 2 volume settings and is small enough for an adult to hold in one hand. Really cool product.

Review #: 577
Date: 01 22, 2014
Bought this 2 years ago and it is still working perfectly! It plays a variety of lovely classical songs and is really simple for babies and toddlers to use and change the tune when they want to. It is still the favorite musical toy we have in the house and for once, it is a toy that is NOt annoying  to listen to, even after hours!!

Review #: 578
Date: 06 8, 2010
I've bought several small toys in the hopes of keeping my 11 month old son entertained when we go out for dinner or even a stroll. Many of them end up in the corner of his playpen after he's grown tired of them 5 minutes in. This toy is different - he will play with this for a long time - it really keeps his attention. Maybe it's the music AND flashing lights, but he just loves this toy. I attach it to his stroller with a sippy cup strap so that when he drops it (or throws it), it doesn't make it to the ground.I would give it 5 stars if it played more songs (I think it has 4-5 songs), but I would definitely recommend it either way.Another toy I would highly recommend is the Mozart Cube - that is another invaluable toy that keeps my son's attention much longer than any other toy. And the music is nice - not annoying like so many toys can be.

Review #: 579
Date: 12 22, 2013
Its on best selling items for babies on all baby store websites. I got it on amazon because they had the lowest price. My son is only 4 months so to heavy for him to hold but he is mesmerized when I play it and staring at the lights. I take it everywhere so it's in his diaper bag. My nephew who is 18 months has one and still enjoys this toy. It's a great bargain!

Review #: 580
Date: 10 4, 2009
I purchased this toy without ever hearing of it before. My great niece is 7 months old and I gave it to her before her trip home which is 6 hours by car. Her mom said she absolutely loved it. The baby played with it all the way home. I also was told by my friend at the time I gave the baby her toy that it is her 1 year old sons favorite toy. They lost it somewhere and she had to go out and buy him a new one because he missed it so much. So I'd say if you are thinking about buying it .... I would just click the cart button and feel good about your purchase.

Review #: 581
Date: 11 18, 2009
We purchased this in hopes that it would entertain our daughter in the car. It is small enough to throw in a diaper bag, which is the other reason for our purchase. Chunky handles allow baby to hold easily. There is a low volume setting and a higher volume, neither of which I find to be loud and annoying. The lights dance to the beat of the song. My daughter really loves it. Great baby shower gift. Also, may help teach cause and effect.. push the button and music plays!UPDATE 12/7/2013: Our daughter is now 4.5 and still LOVES this thing. Ours is obviously the older version and looks a little different than the current one, but would still recommend it!

Review #: 582
Date: 01 3, 2012
I bought one of these before Christmas and we got another one from my in-laws at Christmas. Now we have two. But instead of returning one, I decided to keep the extra in my diaper bag at all times since it is my 2-month old daughter's favorite toy. It has never failed to keep her entertained, especially during long drives to visit the grandparents. It keeps her entertained and happy in her car seat.I would definitely recommend this to a friend & would even buy it for a friend's baby as a gift.

Review #: 583
Date: 07 14, 2008
My 8 month old daughter LOVES this.When you push the multi-color button on the front, a BEAUTIFUL classical song plays (not annoying or sharp sounding, very gentle and soothing), and every time you push it, a different one plays (there seem to be a lot of songs as well!).  When the music plays, different colored lights flash across the "screen" in beat with the music.  There are 2 volume options and an Off feature which is wonderful to save batteries!My daughter loves chewing on the handle, looking at the lights, and hearing the music.  She also likes banging it against other hard surfaces and it has held up perfectly!I love it because it's not the typical obnoxious, sharp sounding music that most baby toys emit piercing your ears.  This one truly does have a beautiful sound to it.  I can't even say that enough!  It was such a refreshing change.  I love it and take it everywhere.  Great for travel as well!Please get this!  Your ears will thank you!

Review #: 584
Date: 10 11, 2013
I use this for my 4 month old baby and he loves it.- Great sound quality- 2 tones sound level- Variety of nice melodies- Long lasting melodies- Simple use- Small and portable

Review #: 585
Date: 06 4, 2014
Our son HATES the carseat - screams bloody murder the entire time he is belted in.  Another friend recommended this toy and it has been a LIFESAVER.Pros:It lights up to keep him engagedHe can easily hold itHe can easily switch songsThe melodies are played in lower tones so we don't want to scratch our eyes out after listening to it for half an hourCons:We only have one that we lost for a whileWe are going to purchase several more - one for daycare, one for each car and an extra just in case one gets lots.  Seriously - everyone I've talked to with children LOVES this toy.

Review #: 586
Date: 04 15, 2014
The sound voice can adjusted, and the music is pleasant to baby, it is useful when baby is crying ii.

Review #: 587
Date: 10 25, 2013
Lovely songs that I know and grew up with, not "babyish" - very calming and satisfying for any ear.Not too loud, changeable volume, too.Lights are not obnoxious.  Very eye catching and fun.Unit is not too big and takes 2 AA batteries.Fantastic short playing songs make my baby enjoy his tummy time and play time much more enjoyable.If he gets fussy, I turn on the music and he's pleasantly distracted and either starts playing with other toys or smiles and looks at me more.I LOVE this toy.  My boy started to pay attention to it after 20 days old.  He doesn't tire of the songs.  A must have!

