Review #: 1
Date: 03 19, 2012
I love this booster!  I didn't think I would like it because it just looked like a junky plastic booster to me from the pictures.  But, after reading the rave reviews I ended up getting one.  BEST decision ever.I really like how adjustable it is.  I use all 3 different tray settings because sometimes I want the tray right next to his belly to prevent food from falling all over his lap.  Sometimes I just want him to be contained and I leave him more space to wiggle.  I haven't had to use the height adjustment because his legs aren't long enough worry about just yet.It folds up into a convenient square for traveling and I keep it in my car.  The tray is much more convenient than using the high chairs they have in most restaurants.  And I just throw the tray in the dishwasher when it gets dirty.The only con I see right now is that the straps are getting rather dirty.  I don't see a convenient way to take them off without undoing the buckles completely from the straps.  Other than that-I love everything about this little chair!

Review #: 2
Date: 04 14, 2014
I got this when I was travelling, this is compact and easy to carry. Will surely recommend to anyone who wants their own feeding chair instead of using restaurants.

Review #: 3
Date: 01 24, 2014
I love this chair it is really easy to clean. I don't use the removable tray liner. My daughter is 1 and really tall and this still works for her. I put another one on my registry for when my son is born.

Review #: 4
Date: 12 3, 2013
This is the second one I purchased. The only negative thing about it - is that my 11 month old daughter has no problem pulling the inside tray out. I gave up using it for now and just put her food on the main green tray that is attached to the chair. Otherwise, we take this with us everywhere we go - picnics, restaurants, etc.

Review #: 5
Date: 04 8, 2014
Wanted toddler child to eat at dining room table with family, but the decorative downward lip around the table wouldn't allow his current high chair to completely pull up to table (with child's legs beneath the decorative lip). This seat has multiple height settings, and the lowest one is flat with the base bottom. This low setting allows child to get legs under decorative lip on table.An excellent choice if getting child to sit at table.We haven't used the tray (purchase was for child to sit at table without needing tray) but seems sturdy and similar to our previous FP high chair tray.

Review #: 6
Date: 10 12, 2008
I recently bought this chair to replace my 1-year-old daughter's high chair.  I LOVE it.  I was pulling my hair out cleaning the high chair after every meal, this chair is so easy to clean and much more versatile.Pros:-Really easy to clean - no cracks for the food to slide into (ahhhh)-Chair attaches very securely to any chair with a back, the chair will not slide off, nice long straps in case you have a big chair-The tray is close enough to the baby that not too much food gets on their lap or on the seat (there are three different places you can attach the tray depending on your baby's size)-The tray is smaller than high-chair trays and fits easily in sink or dishwasher-You can pull the tray off completely and just pull baby up to the table (different heights in case your table is high/low - MAKE SURE you get the one with the three trays (labelled as blue, actually has a blue tray with a white tray on top and green tray cover), Amazon makes it look like one chair that comes in three colors but the red/yellow and green chairs have only 1 tray and no height adjustment)-Chair is light and folds up easily, easy to carry to restaurant to use as a booster, etc.-The price is right:  there is absolutely no reason to spend $100+ on a high chair with a nice cushy seat that you will have to dig food out of for the next 2 years; that you will have to roll around your kitchen/dining room to get it out of your way. This seat is comfy, versatile and folds up very nicely when you want it out of the way.Cons:  If you have a really big baby, this may not be the chair for you. My daughter is ~22 pounds and fits fine, but if you have a big baby, his belly might start to push up against the tray, it only goes out so far.******* UPDATE **********My daughter is now 2 and still uses this booster chair everyday.  And I still love it.  She has tested the limits of this chair - tried to pull of the tray, tried to lunge out of the chair while the waist strap was still fastened, tried to rock herself out of the chair, etc.  She is VERY secure in the chair, and it is no worse for all the abuse.  She is about average size and still fits just fine.  She now recognizes that this is her eating chair and taking it with us to restaurants makes dining with a todder a less miserable experience.  Especially since she can't climb out like she can from the restaurant high chairs.

Review #: 7
Date: 05 29, 2011
My son is 20 lbs at 6 months and he fits into this really well. I know some other parents said that their kids were too big for it. I'm not so sure he'll fit up to the max weight, but hopefully he can use this for at least the next year.I really like this booster seat. I'm feeling like we wasted our money buying a regular size one that just crowds up our small kitchen. It attaches and adjusts quickly. It's easy to clean, there's no cervices that trap food.  The tray cover is great for keeping nosey cats out of unfinished food.

Review #: 8
Date: 03 25, 2011
Works with/attaches to almost any chair and is small enough and easy enough to take any where. Love this chair!

Review #: 9
Date: 04 6, 2014
This seat is useful that we have one in every car we own and at the grandparents.  Here are reasons why:- high utility - used at restaurants on all types of chairs and can be used at home (saves money on cost of a high chair, not to mention the physical space saved from using a high chair).  One of the straps are extra long that also doubles a shoulder carrying strap.- adjustability - these can be height adjusted as well as the tray has three different settings- cleanliness/sanitary - this is better than sitting on a restaurant's high chair (which may or may no t be clean)

Review #: 10
Date: 09 1, 2012
We were using a full-sized highchair for our 6 month old, but it was huge and took way too much space up in our kitchen. Also, the tray was too high for her. So, we purchased this booster and we all love it. She is able to reach her tray easily and can pick food up from it. I debated between getting this one and one of the space saver highchairs and I'm very glad we got this one. So easy!

Review #: 11
Date: 02 14, 2014
We have a small house and a small dining area. I didn't want a huge chair taking up so much space. This straps on perfectly and can tuck in right under the table. The price is also a huge plus! We actually got another that we keep in the car to use at friends and family's houses and restaurants.  Love it.

Review #: 12
Date: 10 19, 2004
I bought this when we moved to our new apartment because I didn't want to trip over a huge high chair.  My daughter loves this seat and can't wait to sit in it for her meals.  It comes with 2 trays so when one snap out tray is being washed you can use the main tray for feeding.  It also comes with a cover so that the trays don't get dusty or gross when not in use.  The seat also has 3 height settings so that you can adjust it to get baby closer to the table so s/he can eat off the table.  The seat back also folds for compact storage.  It is also very lightweight and you can move it while holding baby too.  This chair is VERY easy to attach to the chair and when both straps are tightened the seat stays very snug.  There is no need for non slip rubber feet with how tight the straps stay.  This chair is a best bet for small spaces or when baby gets too big for a high chair.

Review #: 13
Date: 04 16, 2006
This is a great booster seat!  It's so easy to clean and and to take with you.  Smaller babies and bigger kids can use this and it's so compact!!  5 stars.

Review #: 14
Date: 01 22, 2013
This is fantastic!  It easily straps to any kitchen chair.  It also folds flat and you can throw it in the car when you travel.  The tray washes off easily too.  My only complaint is the tray liner has become really loose and my seven month old can pull it up off the tray.  I no longer use it for that reason.

Review #: 15
Date: 10 1, 2013
Im really glad I bought this product. The color is EXACTLY what is shows in the picture. NO SURPRISES here. The straps are long enough for any size chair (I think) that was one of my biggest concern, but they fit securely. The tray tables snap on tightly and come off so they are easy to clean. This is the perfect chair when you want to FINALLY get rid of that bulky infant highchair! My kitchen is finally looking back to normal =)

Review #: 16
Date: 12 2, 2013
For such a cheap price, you really get a workhorse of a high chair. I love not having a separate/standalone high chair in my dining room. This attaches to chairs so easily and it feels sturdy. I love how it's all plastic and easy to clean. My only complaint has to do with the white dishwasher-safe tray. Because my son was dirtying up the sides of the seat when eating I found that I could never get away with just washing the dishwasher-safe white tray -- I always had to wash the blue tray as well because the sides had food on them. So I gave up using the white part and just use the blue so that I only need to clean the blue tray.

Review #: 17
Date: 01 15, 2007
love this booster seat!!  I tell everyone to get it.  I bring it to my parents, friends houses, and every restaurant!  My one year old fits perfectly into it and I've already used it for months.  I don't like how in public high chairs he moves all around.  I just wish there were four hands attached to it to catch all the food!

Review #: 18
Date: 01 13, 2006
I have purchased several booster style high chairs and love this one the most.  Whoever designed this highchair knows moms and knows babies!!!!  Everything about it is great.  It actually has 3 components to the tray/eating area.  There is the base tray which can be used on it's own.  Then there is the cover for the tray.  This cover is exactly like the tray but removeable. It too can be eaten off of, but having it there allows you to remove it, throw it in the dishwasher, clean it etc. all while baby can sit there and enjoy more food or a safe place to sit while you do this.  This may sound silly or un-needed but I have two kids under two and I frequently babysit my 2 year old niece.  Trust me, it's a life saver!!!!  Also......if your fickle and easily distracted eater decides to take a break with eating to go play you can cover the tray of food and leave it there or even throw it in the fridge!!!  Like I said - GENIUS!!!!!!!!!There is nothing I don't love.  I also own the Peg Perego Primma Pappa which I also love.  But given the bulk and price tag ($200+) overall I rate this one the best!!!!!!!

Review #: 19
Date: 04 30, 2012
I love everything about this booster seat! We've never owned a high chair -- this booster seat meets all our needs and takes up no extra space in our house. Our son started using it at 7 months old and this is the only seat we will need to buy. It will easily transition into a toddler booster chair. My favorite things about it:-It's easy to clean -- there are no nooks and crannies for food to get stuck in.-It's not ugly and blends in with our decor -- it's not the first thing that you see when you walk in the room. So much baby stuff is garishly colored. This is a nice shade of brick red.-The main tray is easy to install and remove and fits in the dishwasher. I don't use the removable white tray because my toddler can pull it off. I don't miss it -- it was just an extra piece to clean.-This booster seat is very compact. The base can adjust up so the child can sit comfortably at the table if desired. It only takes a second to remove the booster seat from the chair if someone bigger needs to sit.-The price is SO low! I paid around $20. This is easily the best piece of baby gear for the money that we've ever purchased.

Review #: 20
Date: 02 5, 2014
I find this portable high chair to be invaluable when we go on vacation or eat at someone else's house. It is really the only high chair you need. It could easily replace my stand-alone high chair in my dining room and it takes up way less space!

Review #: 21
Date: 10 31, 2013
This thing is great!  We used it at home instead of a high chair, took it with us to friends' houses when we went over for dinner, and have now pulled it back out for the 4 year old because he can't stay in his seat at dinner time.

Review #: 22
Date: 04 14, 2014
We use this for our 22 month old and it is perfect. We were able to ditch the big heavy high chair and we just use this now. This is super easy to clean and it's very portable too. I like that it can be used as both a booster for the table or with the tray. The fact that it has adjustable height settings is also very nice.

Review #: 23
Date: 06 29, 2014
For a few dollar difference, get the deluxe version.  I like the lid to the tray.  It keeps the tray clean in between uses.  The other feature the deluxe version has is the height adjustable seat.  It has 3 heights.  I like to use the tallest so my 9 month old sits closer to me.  We keep it in the car and use it at restaurants and when visiting relatives.At 9 month my kid likes to watch us eat and we feed him little bits of our food when we eat out to keep him entertained.  He likes the seat.  It let's us eat in relative peace.I also have a high chair cover but I prefer to use our own booster chair because it's more clean and the tray is useful to put his cheerios on which he can eat himself.  He isn't old enough to reach for food on the regular table from a high chair so the booster is more useful for now.  Once he is older I think restaurant high chairs will be fine.

Review #: 24
Date: 02 12, 2009
As an apartment dweller in an urban area, space is always at a premium. This booster seat is small and can be folded up. (I don't know if the manual mentions it, but you can take the tray off and the seat back folds down flat for easy transport). We've taken this seat with us to a lot of places (like the grandparents house) and the small size and light weight are very much appreciated. Attaching it to a chair is a since, and we haven't had any problems with it coming loose or coming off. Also despite all the traveling we've done with it, there are no scratches or other damage. It's durable and easy to clean. The tray adjusts as your child grows. We love this seat - highly recommended.

Review #: 25
Date: 03 18, 2014
My 6 month old is a cranky eater (we cant feed her fast enough) so we didn't think much of her crying tonight at supper, though she was crying harder than usual. When we started to remove the lap tray we noticed she had jammed two of her fingers between the tray and the washable insert - they were swollen and I could tell she had lost feeling in them, she also had serious indentations in her fingers that were already turning blue. She was hysterical when I got her out, presumably because the feeling started coming back in her fingers.  I felt AWFUL. This happened because the insert only secures to the tray in one spot and she happened to wedge her fingers in right by that spot. If it secured in more than one place, this wouldn't have happened.I will simply toss the insert to remedy the problem but I don't want any other Little's to go through this!

Review #: 26
Date: 11 18, 2010
We needed to move my 2 year old to a booster because she kept trying to tip over her high chair.  She has chunky legs (30 lbs), so I wasn't sure how well she'd fit in this seat.  Turns out it was a perfect fit for her and she has plenty of room to grow.  We were already using her high chair at the table (with the tray off) for meals, but putting her in this booster seat in an actual dining room chair makes her seem so much older and she really loves it.  Glad to be rid of the bulky high chair... until the next child  :)My mom also has this same booster (in an older model) and has used it for many, many years for all of her grandchildren.  It has held up very well, which is why I knew this would be a great purchase.  I love the back rest and the tray with cover is an awesome feature.

Review #: 27
Date: 02 13, 2013
We toyed with the idea of getting one of those fancy booster seats but eventually settled on this one due to the amazing reviews. We are VERY glad we did! Well made + lightweight + easy to clean + adjustable = seriously great product! The only complaint I have is that the straps stain relatively easily. The rest of it held up for two years and was still in amazing shape when we sold it to a consignment store. WORTH EVERY PENNY!

Review #: 28
Date: 11 14, 2013
Got this to keep at grandma's house!  It's perfect.  Very secure, very well made.  It straps to most any chair because the straps are adjustable.  It is all plastic and very easy to keep clean.  Great booster seat.

Review #: 29
Date: 12 29, 2003
I originally bought the "Swing Tray - Portable Booster Seat" because it was cheaper and I thought that it would be just as good.  Well, it fell apart. I got this one and have been very please.  It's is like a travel version of the Healthy Care Highchair.There is a removeable feeding tray that can be put in the dishwasher.  It has a cup holder and snaps right on to the main (blue) tray.There are three different height settings.  This is great for traveling because different tables can be different heights.The back of the car and the trays are removeable, turning the seat into a booster for older and/or larger children.The seat is all one piece and there are no seams or crevices for food to get stuck in.  It also makes the seat very easy to clean.The seat has a three-point seatbelt that adjusts, so it can accomodate a growing baby and toddler.The booster folds up and even has a shoulder strap to make it easier to travel with. There is a lid that snaps onto the feeding tray.  It is also dishwasher safe. I like the cover you can put on the tray, just so you know it's not getting dirty.There are straps on both sides and on the back of the seat.  This makes it much easier to fit onto a variety of chairs.  This is great especially when eating out.

Review #: 30
Date: 09 4, 2013
This booster is great! We've used it through three kids. This is one of the single best purchases we've made for our kids. It's great! We use it as a highchair at home, and can easily take it with us to restaurants or over to Grandma's and Grandpa's. It would be nice if it came with more than 1 white tray (one to use, one in the wash), but other than that we absolutely love it, and highly recommend it to everyone we know with babies on the way. So much more economical and more convenient than a highchair!

Review #: 31
Date: 08 9, 2013
I like this item but I should have bought a full size high chair. My baby is 75 percentile for both weight and height and while he does fit (he's 7 months) it looks like his legs are going to get in the way of using the tray soon. This is not the item's fault though. I'm planning on taking it with us on vacation when we drive from Florida to Illinois in Dec.

Review #: 32
Date: 05 5, 2011
This booster seat works great.  The straps for holding in your child are a little long, I'd imagine your child would grow out of it before you'd need all that slack, and the extra length gets caught under the tray and makes the tray difficult to secure and remove.  The inner tray doesn't lock in well enough for us, it's become my son's favorite game to pull it out and toss it on the floor.  Still, the tray is small enough so that washing it isn't a hassle, and the whole thing does travel easily.

Review #: 33
Date: 08 31, 2011
We bought this for when we went on vacation. We have had issues in the past with places not having a high chair when we needed one, so we planned on using this. Well, vacation has come and gone and we loved it so much that we have gotten rid of our full size high chair and just use this instead. I love the height adjustments on this. It is perfect for a growing loittle one. When traveling it folds up nicely and the tray cover is great. I can't say enough good things about this chair. We love it!

Review #: 34
Date: 01 21, 2014
This straps onto any chair - folds up easy - easy to clean mostly (sometimes those straps need some extra scrubbing!) - easy for transport - not too big and bulky! I would never even purchase a high chair after having this and I'm using it on my second child too! Great that it can be dishwashered :) too!

Review #: 35
Date: 12 26, 2004
Really like this booster seat.1.  Good size - not too big to drag around2.  Very easy to clean - no nooks & crannies3.  Like the adjustable tray - kept my son in place since 4 mo.4.  Good design - no cheesy colors or dorky decorations5.  Decent price6.  Son seems comfy and happy in itNeeds improvement:1.  Straps don't fold away neatly when traveling2.  Tray insert seems worthlessA definite recommend!

Review #: 36
Date: 10 21, 2013
I really like this chair for when we have little friends over.  The straps easily adjust to fit our dining chairs.  The back is the right height to support little backs.  I like the detachable tray so that a child can either eat from the tray or we can take the tray off and they can be pushed up to the table with the adults.  It's light and folds up for easy storage.  Exactly what I was looking for.

Review #: 37
Date: 08 27, 2013
very easy to clean as said, works with ease, my boy will use this till he is a big boy

Review #: 38
Date: 05 10, 2013
When we bought this seat the first one that arrived was defective. The notch that held the seat back in the upright position was not cut/formed properly. I called Fisher-Price and they sent out a new one right away. They didn't even make me send back the old one. What great customer service and a price that can't be matched. The quality is good and it is easy to clean. The only thing I would change about it is that I wish they had coated the straps in plastic/rubber so they could be wiped down easier.

Review #: 39
Date: 04 12, 2014
Why I like it very much...Easy to cleanAffordableAdaptable to home, visiting, grandparents' or caretakers' homesOne cover and two trays...great for playing on a tray or eating with a little side cup to hold those precious little morsels that babies and toddlers cutely grasp in their chubby little handsLong straps that attach to a multiple variety of chairsStabilityAdaptability to the older child when trays are put aside and eating at the main table is the order of the dayWell constructed with an appropriate weight and heightA winner!

Review #: 40
Date: 03 11, 2014
Works exactly as expected. Baby is comfy while he eats, plastic is easy to clean after. Dishwasher safe tray.Adjustable height. Should work for a long time as its up to 50lbs. Great product. I would never buy one of the bulky high chairs, this is perfect. Small and portable. We take it out to go to parties with us and to the restaurants too. Must have.

Review #: 41
Date: 05 11, 2006
My baby just turned a year old and is big for his age, 26 lbs, 32 in.  I brought this gift out of storage just the other day and he looked too tight and uncomfortable in it!  The chair looks  likes a really nice chair and sturdy too.  But I took it back because he didn't look comfy in it.

Review #: 42
Date: 12 29, 2013
Bought this with Amazon Prime days before Christmas and received just in the nick of time! Set up was super easy and fast and my son loves to sit in it, unlike his highchair we had him in before. Great!

Review #: 43
Date: 08 4, 2010
DON'T BUY THE BULKY HIGH CHAIR!! This is a PERFECT ALTERNATIVE!!!Just started feeding my baby solids. She was 4 months and 3 weeks old. I read some reviews, looked at the pictures submited and saw some 5 month old babies in this booster. So I tried it and it is GREAT!!! Oh, I'm so happy I don't need to buy that HUMANGOUS expensive high chair. You can also carry his booster anywhere around the house. I put it on top of the dining table someties(in the middle). Baby is not that big yet and can't flip it. Easy to clean. GET IT!

Review #: 44
Date: 07 10, 2012
I have tried hook-on chairs and other travel high chairs...this by far is the best!  Easy to clean, portable and no material to clean.  Everything wipes off easily!  Wish I would have started with this one instead of trying so many others before it.

Review #: 45
Date: 08 1, 2013
Just what I needed. Works well so far will be updating if I have any trouble. Overall loving this product so far and would recommend.

Review #: 46
Date: 09 3, 2013
a 4 because you don't really need 3 pieces for a tray, one works great, the dish washer safe part rarely gets in the dishwasher since I clean it after every meal and run the dishwasher every other day. Also I have seen trays slide along the side and lock anywhere on other models and this has 3 tabs on the sides to lock the tray on. Which is ok. It works.  I do like the size, fit , and that it sits on a chair so as she gets older it can be a booster seat.  I started using it for my daughter at 8 months, could have used it sooner, but at least wait until your child can sit on own to use it.

Review #: 47
Date: 03 5, 2013
I love this booster! We only used a highchair for a short time and our little one wanted to be at the table. This was a great choice and we actually bought a second one in another color. It is so easy to clean or take with you to family or friends house. It definitely simplified things for us so we didnt worry about her mess or finding a place she would be able to eat. Its inexpensive and functional.I bought mine from diapers.com and was very happy. If you use the code BAIL2798 you can get 20% off your whole purchase from all their sites. Amazon also has good deals sometimes.

Review #: 48
Date: 02 25, 2014
I bought this for out little granddaughter rather than buying a high chair, which would take up floor space.  I taped a thick plastic sheet onto the fabric seat cushion of one of the kitchen chairs (one that has arms) and used the self-straps to strap it securely to the chair.  Although she now can use a regular chair &#34;like a big girl&#34; but on her knees, here she regards it as &#34;her special chair&#34; and will ask to sit in it to eat, to color, whatever.  I am happy I bought this.  We stopped using the attached trays fairly quickly, though, but they worked well when we used them.  Once she no longer needs it at the table it can also be used as a booster on movie theater seats.

Review #: 49
Date: 12 14, 2010
We find this very useful when we are traveling or visiting family that doesn't have children.  Small enough to keep in the trunk or inbetween the back and front seats of the car.  Easy to clean which is a huge help when you are at someone elses home or restaurant.

Review #: 50
Date: 10 1, 2008
This seat has weathered two kids and lots of travel. It folds up conveniently to pop in the trunk. It adjusts to every size and I have never encountered a chair I couldn't attach this to.I have taken it into restaurants as an alternative to booster seats or high chairs. We haul it on vacation with us. We use it with the tray or without. And we always find ourselves commenting that we need to buy a second for when we have company over with kids. My kids don't use their highchairs for long simply because they WANT to be at the table with the rest of the family. With this seat, they can do that from a very young age.Highly recommended.

Review #: 51
Date: 12 8, 2013
I LOVE this chair!! It works well for my family because we already have dining chairs. It would be annoying to have a separate large high chair just for the baby. I guess my only complaint would be how easy it is to take off the tray. My baby could easily flip all her food onto the floor, so I don't even use the snap on tray tops anymore.

Review #: 52
Date: 12 20, 2012
I bought this for my baby girl when she was old enough to sit up at the table with us. She enjoyed sitting with us and she enjoyed the tray system that she could play with her food in. The chair is easy to take with you as it folds and it has two belts with buckles for you to secure it to whatever it will be standing on. The tray assy consists of three pieces: 1. the blue tray that snaps onto the seat (3 positions depending on your child's size) 2. The white tray that snaps onto the blue tray. That is where the food supposed to go, it is slightly smaller than blue, surely thinner and easier to clean in that sense. 3. The green cover to keep the white tray clean while you carry it.The green cover does not always stay put when being carried. My daughter wasn't having it with the white tray and would find it funny to snap it off the blue tray (nearly right after we started using the char). The blue tray she uses to this date as her eating tray if she's not sitting at the table. Recently we've been having her sit in this char but eat at the table like us.This tray in inexpensive and very functional. A few small design issues (mentioned above) were not safety related and we're able to live though them :)

Review #: 53
Date: 05 21, 2013
We've had this chair for 5 years and through 2 kids and soon to be a third.  We knew we needed something to save space and we wanted our child to really be part of family dinner time when we had our first son.  We strapped this on a typical wooden chair and used it as a high chair for a while when I needed to plop stuff on his tray.  I've always hand washed the part that clips on to the chair because it would take up my whole dishwasher.  The part that comes off would go through the dishwasher sometimes.  That was a pain in the butt when my kids got old enough they could pop it off and at that point I would just use the tray-my parents bought another one that set on and it made a HUGE mess with them flinging food everywhere because it was easier to get off from the time they were just starting solids.  We used it up to the table from the time my boys were around a year old each and they felt like they were part of the family instead of most kids that are in a high chair and shoved away from the table.  We've used this on short trips, at diners, etc besides just our home.  It's very easy to clean and very easy to transport and adjust to a new chair.  The only thing that doesn't clean super well are the straps-those are a bit stained but that's to be expected.  After 5 years it still looks pretty new and we still use it every day.  We even use it as a chair to boost our kids up so I can cut their hair.  I would not recommend any other like product-this really is the best out there and we've used several and different friends' homes and family's homes.

Review #: 54
Date: 01 25, 2011
We live in an apartment, so we don't have room for a normal size high chair, so we got this and use it everyday, 3 times a day for my 8 month old. Plus it's great cause when we travel we just unstrap it from the chair, fold it up, and take it with us... which is SUPER easy!! The ONLY thing I would change is the dishwasher safe tray (the white one) would have a better lock on to the tray beneath it cause my son has figured out how to take it off while eating, which is really annoying. Other than that it's amazing and I recommend it.

Review #: 55
Date: 08 31, 2013
This is easy to install, durable and a great compact size. My daughter is 10 months old and expect she'll be able to use this for quite some time. We love it!!!

Review #: 56
Date: 04 1, 2014
I like this booster seat except for the tray coming off too easily - the blue cover and the white tray underneath.

Review #: 57
Date: 03 20, 2013
I purchased 2 very expensive high chairs.  I am so not proud of myself, but it was my first kid and I wanted to get him the kind of things I never had as a child (silly to do that with a high chair).  The high chairs were difficult to clean and so bulky.  When dinner time came, the design of our table prevented us from scooting the chair close to the table... so it always felt like he was distant.This chair is great!!  Installation was a breeze, it has a strap the wraps around the seat of any chair and a strap that wraps around the back to keep it secure.  I can easily scoot him in so we can have a family dinner.  The tray for it is easy to throw in the dish washer for cleaning and has a tray cover for when we head to grandmas house.  The seat itself has no corners so it is super easy to wipe down.  I wish I had purchased this a long time ago and avoided the needless expense of those bulky high chairs.  This product just makes sense.  The seat height is even adjustable how awesome is that!*Also, I purchased the tan variation of this and the picture looks different than the other chairs (doesn't highlight the adjustable seat), I was relieved to find that despite the picture difference it's the same.

Review #: 58
Date: 04 26, 2011
Bought this for a weekend with family for our 1 yr old last July 4th, 2010.  Our daughter is the first grandchild on that side of the family and they had no baby gear in their vacation home at that point.  I was visiting my parents for six wks last Fall when my mother was in the hospital and we used it every meal.  Made me second-guess the big Chicco highchair at home.  We have since kept it in the car to use at nearly every place we eat - seems high maintenance, but it's not and it's so easy to use/clean.  Restaurant chairs are so nasty and not always safe.  Our daughter would sit still in this far longer than any other since it straps her in and has the tray - very secure!  If we had a few kids I suppose it might be a lot to cart it around and use, but right it's not an issue at all.  I think waitstaff are thrilled to not have a highchair to work around or sit in the aisle, too.  They always comment positively.

Review #: 59
Date: 05 26, 2005
I really like this booster seat compared to other boosters I've used when over at someone else's house.  Wish I could give it more stars, but there are drawbacks.The good things about this booster are:1)The tray is very easy to snap on and off (versus ones that have to slide along a slot), 2) the seat conforms to my kids little bodies.  I find it prevents them from inevitably slouching down as I've experienced with other boosters.  (But, I don't think this would be a + if you have a particularly chubby baby.  The seat seems more narrow relatively speaking.)What I don't like:1)  The top trays are so easy to remove, my son figured out how to pull the them off very shortly after we started using the seats.  My daughter was right behind him. Basically, a useless item until they are old enough to understand that we don't think it's a good idea.2)  No way to remove the straps and throw them in the wash.  Maybe this is common in boosters, but let's face it, kids make a mess and the straps get dirty too.3)  Why is only 1 piece of 3 dishwasher safe?

Review #: 60
Date: 05 21, 2012
We bought this because we are going to grand parents and friends homes who don't have a high chair.  The price was right, and it folds down to a pretty portable size, about 2 large shoeboxes or so.  I much prefer my keekaroo for daily use at home, but we leave this one in the car trunk and we are always ready to go.  It's also nice when we have friends with kids over, we already have an extra chair for them.

Review #: 61
Date: 05 2, 2014
We carry it with us if we go out or visit grandparents in a different city. It&#8217;s very convenient for babies that are not yet used to dinner chairs. And I also prefer something of mine at the public restaurants or party places. It&#8217;s compact, light and easy to clean and store when not needed. There&#8217;s no cushion, so it&#8217;s a bit uncomfortable for the baby to sit in for longer periods of time but then it wouldn&#8217;t be easy to clean. So, a nice high chair would be ideal to have at home for everyday use in addition to this.

Review #: 62
Date: 11 29, 2011
We own two of these ~ one at our house and one at my parent's house.  It is perfectly portable ~ we've taken it to a football banquet and a Thanksgiving dinner, I just didn't want to take it on an airplane.  We are using it instead of a high chair to save space ~ it will grow with our daughter and I expect we will get a lot of years out of it.  It was highly recommended by friends as well.

Review #: 63
Date: 07 16, 2006
simple and smart.  easy to get baby in and out.  easy to clean.  hard seat and back may not be comfortable for long periods.  folds easily for travel.  would give it 4.5 stars.

Review #: 64
Date: 06 20, 2011
I was given a full-size high chair as a shower gift. It was so large and bulky that I dreaded pulling it out of the corner and setting it up, and cleaning it afterwards.  So I bought this seat.  It works very well. Only took about a minute to get a perfect fit on our dining room chair.  I love that it is super easy to clean and is very compact.There are 2 reasons I didn't give this 5 stars, but I still love the seat.#1. The lift-off tray is useless. It doesn't snap all the way around the main tray, so my son flips it (and any food on it) on the floor within seconds.  So we only use the main tray that actually hooks to the seat.#2. I wish the tray would swivel instead of snapping completly on and off.

Review #: 65
Date: 12 27, 2013
This has been a great little addition to our baby gear. Pros: compact, so it's easy to travel with and store, baby gets to sit at table with the family, the separate tray is very handy for food prep and cleaning purposes, easy to clean, baby seems comfortable in it. Cons (more like minor annoyances): tray is not very wide so baby throws tons of food over the sides, chair underneath gets very dirty unless you put a cloth under the high chair. It is really easy to put a cloth under the chair and wash that a couple times a week, so that is really a non-issue for us. No regrets on this purchase!

Review #: 66
Date: 01 5, 2006
Being a first time mom I didn't think to register for this along with a highchair.  We go out for dinner frequently and love the booster for our son instead of using the restaurant highchairs.  It is easy to carry and attach to a chair.  Glad we got this, would definitely recommend.

Review #: 67
Date: 07 29, 2013
We had a Space Saver highchair for our first baby, but it got SO filthy and I couldn't get to all the nastiness in the grooves and things, so we got rid of it. With our second baby, I bought this and we've been using it for 8 months I think. It's wonderfully easy to clean and just as nice as the Space Saver, unless you plan to use it before your baby can sit up unassisted. When our youngest is done with this, we'll be keeping it for friends who come over with babies. It's just too nice and convenient to get rid of.

Review #: 68
Date: 03 8, 2012
Bought the booster seat for a 5 month old who sits with assistance/support. I had three main considerations:1) I did not want to invest in buying a fancy high chair that has an option for infants to use it for just a couple of months but was concerned the baby will not be comfortable in this one.2) I looked for a chair that occupies minimal space by either folding or fitting under the dinning table3) I wanted something that is easy to keep clean.This booster is great in all of these three aspects and at times even exceeded my expectations:1) The baby is stable. We did put a folded blanket at the side of the chair to make the fit better. And I love the fact that this chair will continue to be used up until she sits at the table on a regular chair. Great investment! She likes the chair and gets tiered of sitting only near the end of the feeding session.2) The use of the two straps (one around the seat and one around the back of the chair) make it stable on the chair. It is low enough to be able to move the chair with the booster under the dinning table. So it takes minimal space and allows the baby to sit at the dinner table with the family, which makes feeding so much more fun.3) Cleaning-wise it is just wonderful -- easy to wipe off plastic that can be taken apart and thrown into the dishwasher.The only downside: You cannot put the baby in when the table compartment is attached to the chair. So you have to remove it and put it back in once the baby sits there. Its is not hard to do, but it is an annoying extra step to take, sometimes with a hungry or a fussy baby. Plus, I thought the whole point of a removable try is that you dont have to take off the whole table compartment for cleaning -- only the insert. But in reality you need to take them both anyways, so what's the point?!

Review #: 69
Date: 03 1, 2014
This chair was very useful because the tray and the seat belt really anchors the child into the chair (my 1 yr old son already figured out how to get free of typical restaurant high chairs with seat belts).  And the height change option is nice to have (have not used it yet). The removable white sectional plate and plate cover ended up completely useless for me personally.Although I have a basic Fisher-Price booster seat as well as this Deluxe Booster seat (we have 2 children), my husband mainly prefers using our Brica high chair sear cover with disposable placemats, to reduce # of big, bulky items to bring to the restaurant.

Review #: 70
Date: 04 24, 2012
We have a high table with stools so we had to get a regular high chair for our son when he started eating solids.  However, we have a small condo and the high chair just took up too much room.  Finally after he turned 12 months we decided to just buy a chair with a back that matched our table so we could get one of these space saving booster seats.  It was the best decision ever!  We should have done that from the beginning.  It's so nice to not have a big high chair taking up space and this booster seat is much easier to clean and use.  The price was good here at amazon and I like the colors of this one better than the one they had at our local stores.  The blue and white and green look great with everything.  I like the blue tray because it doesn't stain.  We had trouble fitting my chunky boy in some fisher price high chairs but this booster seat fits him great and isn't too tight.  I like that it adjusts in height but we haven't needed to use that because it's perfect for our table already.  My only complaint would be sometimes I go to snap in the tray and on the farthest setting it sometimes doesn't catch on one side but ever since it happened once I just make sure to check carefully every time.  My son is now 19 months and loves this seat and feels like a big boy at the table.  I think we will be using this for a long time and he will be happy in it as long as he can fit.  I definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a booster seat!

Review #: 71
Date: 10 11, 2011
I bought this for my son because he will be starting on foods in a month. I wanted a high chair that is a space saver style as well as easy to clean. This seat seems to be just what I wanted! My son has been sitting in it about once a day to get used to sitting with us at the table and he appears to enjoy it. He is 5 months old and a little small for the seat, but that is good as I hope to use it for quite a while. Also, cute colors!

Review #: 72
Date: 05 17, 2014
We got this table for grandma's but ending up taking it as a second one for our second little one as we flew back home. We have an older version of this one which doesn't have the removeable insert tray and lid, which are great features if you intend to take it in the car and also if you just want to make clean up a little easier. All I can say is that you don't need a regular high chair if you have one of these. Clean up is a snap and it takes up little space. I recommend this to anyone looking for a high chair now.

Review #: 73
Date: 04 11, 2013
A simple and convenient chair for those who don't have the space for a regular, stand alone high chair. My mother in law watches my daughter during the day while I'm at work and has been using it daily for over a year and a half now. It's held up and is perfect for her apartment.

Review #: 74
Date: 02 12, 2013
We have a Peg Perego high chair that worked well for the first month or two of feedings at the table because it reclined which was helpful at the start of feedings, but we have found that this, affordable, light weight, portable chair is the best all around. In fact, we like it so much, that we have one at each grandparent's house and keep one in the car for use when dinning out in addition to the one we use daily at home. It is easy to tote around though, so one will suffice, but for convenience sake, we found having a few a real convenience. We can also use the extras when other kids visit.The seat secures easily with two adjustable nylon straps and clips--one below a chair's bottom and the other around the back of your chair. We've used it on a variety of chair styles and it has always worked. The seat is simple and contoured for baby's bottom and legs and the entire seat has 3 easily adjustable height setting so that baby can truly pull right up to the table with the rest of the family (note, the seat must be removed from the chair it's on to make this adjustment, but it's rare that you have to change it, as the size of the child determines the best height, not so much the table or chair height.) The baby is secured in the seat by a 3-point harness made of the same adjustable nylon and clips.The tray is simple to put on and remove. It simply clicks onto 1 of 3 nubs along the side of the arm rests. The tray has 3 parts--a base, insert, and cover. The base attaches to the chair and we use it for every meal. The removable divided insert is ideal for messy meals as you can remove it, clean it off, and even throw it in the dishwasher. Lastly, it has a cover that snaps into place on top. We don't use this at home, but it's handy when eating out to contain any mess left of the tray (or insert) until you can get home to clean it. The seat's lap straps can be poked back through the seat and taken out to be washed--a big plus, straps are so hard to clean are are always getting dirty.

Review #: 75
Date: 01 11, 2011
I purchased this for the smaller of my one year old twin granddaughters, the larger baby uses a high chair I was able to borrow from a friend. So in order for  little peanut to sit with the rest of us at a meal time-I purchased this. Shes fits in it perfectly fine, she is happy as all getup in it and to be part of the family at dinner. She will be getting weighed this week at her one year checkup, but I am estimating she is about 19 lbs and 29" tall. the entire set up cleans easily,  And since I never leave her unattended in anything-I wouldn't have the problems some of the other reviewers seem to have with the white tray pinching the childs fingers. I love the fact that it is height adjustable and the straps are long enough to fit around any chair in my house as well as my daughter & son in laws house. All in all a great booster seat. I would recommend this to anyone.

Review #: 76
Date: 12 10, 2013
i dont use the tray top, but the bottom part is great in that it fits easily under the table (unlike my other high chair which claimed it would work as a booster but couldnt fit under any tables) and has a couple of levels to move him down as he grows taller.

Review #: 77
Date: 01 6, 2014
Folds up nicely, wipes clean easily, is light and easy to transport. I wish the straps could be stowed a bit more neatly, but that won't affect my review. We use it all the time!

Review #: 78
Date: 04 15, 2010
Bought it hoping my son would like it.  He likes it ok.  He likes to sit on it when i place it on the floor, but my son whined after short period of sitting on this chair so I ordered Lipper International 516C High Chair, Cherry for $35 from amazon after testing it out in different restaurants (it's virtually in every restaurant)so using this instead.At 7month old my son figured out that he can pull out the different layers of the table and he started to do that everytime i sat him in it

Review #: 79
Date: 02 9, 2013
This is a very portable, nice-looking, and sturdy product. The buttons on the sides are not as convenient as some of the models that slide. I don't think we've ever used the top tray cover (the green part) because 1) are you really going to put food on this tray, cover it up, and transport it? and 2) you're probably going to clean off the random chunky food bits before you take the thing home. My husband thinks it's great and preferred it to other snap-on models, however I feed our kid more and have to deal with its &#34;quirks&#34; on a more regular basis (i.e. he's been able to easily pull off the white middle tray by himself since he was able to sit up straight in it!), so my standards are a little higher. Bottom line: this is a good seat with a neat tray system and good height adjustment features, but the side buttons and tray stability leave much to be desired.

Review #: 80
Date: 08 18, 2010
great space saver, easy to clean, my son enjoys sitting in it (7 mos old).  Haven't used it out to eat yet.  Great product for the price!

Review #: 81
Date: 04 10, 2014
They're 2 straps use to tied down the booster to a chair. Make sure you read the instruction and do this properly.The 3 set of trays combo are great for kid to have food on.My baby is only 5 months and we started him on some solid and this is good. We have a boppy chair but he quickly outgrown that so we bought this. It';s a little bit lose on him so we put some small blanket on the side of each to keep him center :).

Review #: 82
Date: 01 15, 2012
Of all things related to babies and toddlers etc, this one by far is THE absolute best invention by Fisher Price! With so many 4+ star reviews already, you know you got yourself a winner with this product.The durability, convenience, portability and overall use of this booster seat will end up being your best purchase ever. There's many imitators out there but the one by Fisher Price is the one you want in the end. Because the item breaks down into a neat little package, it saves space (especially if you live in a place where storage is limited) and makes it extremely easy to take with you to restaurants, events where eating is involved and even as a high chair rather than wasting twice (if not more) moo-la for a high chair that is bulky and can't go anywhere beyond your dinner table. It's dishwasher safe so you can easily break it down into the parts shown and add it with the rest of your dish load. The plastic is made of super durable and strong material so you don't have to worry about it cracking, breaking or warping. It comes with adjustable straps so it allows you to control the fit for your child when it's used, providing security from any tipping or accidental slide outs.And as always, Amazon offered the best price than anyone else (believe me, I checked!!!). Great functionality, great price, great use - what more can you ask for? &lt;(^.^)>

Review #: 83
Date: 10 25, 2011
I read several reviews on amazon and this booster seat seemed like the ideal seat for me to buy.  I didn't have room nor the money to spend on a huge highchair.  I bought the booster seat from amazon when my son was 5 months old.  Attaching the seat to any chair is very quick and easy.  The trays are easy to clean (and yes a child will learn how to remove the white tray, which is not a big deal.  Just stop using it at that time and use the blue tray.) There are three different height adjustments.I have gotten so many compliments on this booster seat! I have taken this booster to family gatherings, restaurants, parks and daily at home.  Several people thought is was amazing that I actually brought a seat for my child instead of using the restaurant's high chair. I would pack a bib and baby spoon between the white tray and the green lid.  I have seen a  few other moms jealous that I have this seat!  My husband's cousin asked if he could have my son's booster seat, because they liked it so much and they never thought of buying it or he is too cheap to spend $20.00!So now my son is almost two and I have taken off the tray, and the green backrest and he uses it as a booster seat at the table. (which holds up to 45lbs.) I thought that I already wrote a review for this product, so that is why I am just now posting one.  I now have a another son that is 2 months old, and I will purchasing this same booster seat for him for when he starts eating solid foods.I have only seen this blue/green/white booster seat here on amazon.  But the red/tan/white booster seat can be found in the stores for the same price.  I really liked the blue/green/white and I like to have something that is not at the local stores.This booster seat is so worth the money and it is very durable.  You will not be disappointed!

Review #: 84
Date: 09 29, 2011
We bought these as a replacement for a less sturdy product we had purchased awhile back.  We find the base to be very sturdy.  We have to sit our little monkeys in them in the floor and they hold up well and do their job.  They are apparently more comfortable then our last ones because the twins will stay seated in them for longer periods, never complain about the inner leg portion, and seem overall happy in them.  The trays haven't been stained by anything, food or arts & crafts projects.  We love the removable tray feature that is dishwasher safe.  We haven't really had a use for the tray cover yet, but love that we have it available if we do need it.  If we ever needed a booster for a gift or additional child we would be buying this again.  I have suggested them to numerous friends.

Review #: 85
Date: 03 10, 2013
We bought this because every time we ate out in public, we always got a nasty dirty high chair from the restaurant.  We now put our little guy in this chair and we know it's clean and safe. It also comes in handy when we visit my parents or in-laws house for dinner since they don't have a high chair. We put this booster seat in a chair and strap him in and he's ready to eat. Love how light weight it is and it's easy to carry around. Get it, you won't be disappointed

Review #: 86
Date: 04 12, 2013
This is our second booster/highchair seat.  The other one we have is The First Years Newborn to Toddler Reclining Feeding Seat.  The First Years seat is good for when your child is first learning to eat and can't quite sit up well because it reclines.  However, it's not good for travel because it doesn't fold up nicely.  We really like the Fisher Price booster for the following reasons:- Folds up nicely - we keep it in our car to use when we're out.- The set-up is easy and user-friendly - we didn't need an instruction manul to figure it out.- Clean up is simple - there are no crevices in the seat for food to get caught in (the First Years has small crevises along the seat) and the top tray pops off for easy cleaning.  We usually wipe down the primary seat with a wet towel and leave it in the car and take the tray and cover off for washing in the dishwasher between uses.- A better alternative to public high chairs - we used to use a highchair cover at restaurants, but our son would still find a way to chew on the dirty highchair.  And, because most public highchairs don't have a tray, we'd have to clear a large area on the table in front of him since he likes to grab everything and throw it on the ground.

Review #: 87
Date: 05 11, 2012
We've used this seat since our daughter was six months old.  She's now 16 months and it's still a great seat!  She loves climbing in, buckling the seat belt and snapping the tray on.  It's easy to travel with.  It's very easy to keep clean!

Review #: 88
Date: 03 28, 2007
We got the Healthy Care Booster Seat after both of my sisters-in-law told us how much they liked and used theirs. When my baby started eating solid foods (about 5 months ago) we got this, thinking it would tide us over until we chose a full-size high chair. We are still using it because it is so easy to use, easy to clean and we see no reason to buy another high chair that will just take up space. When we travel, we fold it up and bring it along. So convenient, so versatile and so cheap compared to a full-size high chair!

Review #: 89
Date: 12 1, 2005
We have an eat in kitchen as well as a dining room.  We weren't sure initially if we should get two high chairs, eat only in one room while our child is in a high chair, or what to do!  A friend suggested we register for this as well and we have been very pleased!This chair is strapped to a chair in our dining room and we never have to fret about sliding the high chair out of our informal kitchen to the dining room across our floors.The fact that it collapses and can be taken along is extremely helpful.  We throw it in the car when we go visit friends who don't have children.  To be able to take along some containment for him is wonderful!  Also, the fact that you can throw the tray in the dishwasher helps sterilizing it a breeze!Definitely an item to add to your list.

Review #: 90
Date: 12 1, 2013
We did not buy a standard high chair for our home due to lack of space. This high chair seat has worked great over the past year and a half from when he needed the tray to now as he sits at the table. We would also travel with this due to it being able to fold up slightly and when relatives did not have a high chair.

Review #: 91
Date: 02 2, 2011
Great product, excellent price, easy to cleanup, simple to attach to chair. Just a good product.  I seen reviews about people complaining about the seat being to hard.  What the hell do they eat in, a lazyboy, yeah probably i guess.  Dinner time is about eating, and sharing time with your family.  Not sitting in front of the tv or having your kid fall asleep in their booster seat because it has 8" of padding and made of leather.  Buy this, feed your kid, & have a glass of wine because you made it through another day.

Review #: 92
Date: 09 27, 2011
I sometimes resell baby items, so I've been looking for a new highchair for a while now. I've been testing a few here and there, and they all gave me problems.  I owned a huge Graco chair with a giant tray that was a nightmare to clean. It stressed me out so much because it didn't fit in the sink and would cause water to splash everywhere. I also had a Svan for a few days and hated how the tray snapped on and how hard it was to clean.This booster seat is perfect.  I love the fact that the seat does not have a cushion, because I can just wipe everything out of the chair easily with no laundry to worry about.  The strap between the toddler's legs goes straight through a slit that stays clean.  I was constantly cleaning the hole around the strap of my other chair because the food would fall beneath the hole in the cushion that was for the strap.My favorite part are the little trays.  They fit easily in the sink even with additional dishes.  They fit easily into the dishwasher as well.  I cannot stress even how important this was to my family. It was stressful for everyone to have a giant tray in the sink. There's even a cupholder in the top tray and my little girl loves to organize her things and put the cup in it.I love this chair and it has lifted a burden from my shoulders!

Review #: 93
Date: 07 13, 2013
So happy I bought this booster for my grandson.  It's well designed without being over-engineered.  Very easy to set up on any chair.  Straps allow you to secure it to the back and seat of the chair in a snap.  It will be great for many years of use, as the height adjusts easily.  Everything packs up into a neat, easy to transport bundle.  I highly recommend this for travel or use at Nana's house.  Very much worth the price!

Review #: 94
Date: 03 20, 2013
My son loved it right away. He felt like a boy sitting in. The tray was great while he was younger but we don't use it any more since he sits at the table. The height adjustments are great for growing toddlers. Very easy to clean and store. I am very happy with this purchase.

Review #: 95
Date: 05 28, 2012
We are very pleased with this product. We purchased this chair for our 14 month old baby boy and he loves it. We don't need to even use the tray. We push him under the table and put his food on his plate and he is so comfortable in it. We have actually taken it out a few times when we have gone to friend's houses and it is easy to transport. Great product and easy to clean. He has plenty of room to grow in it.

Review #: 96
Date: 06 24, 2013
We now own two of these in the same color for our boys.  Easy to transport, packs up nicely and easy to clean.  Overall a great product and highly recommended.

Review #: 97
Date: 06 7, 2014
Perfect booster seat for my 9 month old.  Fits firmly on our wooden kitchen chairs.  Easy to install and stays in place.  The tray and seat is very easy to clean!  Highly recommended.

Review #: 98
Date: 06 21, 2014
This chair is great for a portable - folds easily down to take with you has a carry strap. Seems sturdy on the chair or table.

Review #: 99
Date: 02 21, 2013
A friend gave me her Fisher Price Space Saver High Chair, so I used that for feeding my daughter from 6-16 months and thought it was overall pretty good.  I liked that it could sit on one of our tall leather chairs at our breakfast bar instead of wasting space on a bulky high chair.  I always thought the Space Saver was a hassle to clean and crumbs and debris got caught on the bottom of the pad.  After an episode of vomiting in the Space Saver, there was absolutely no way I could properly sanitize it with disgusting stuff caught on the underside of the pad, and into the trash it went.When I bought this Healthy Care Deluxe Booster, I fell in love immediately.  I like that my daughter can sit up straight and eat.  The straps buckle below the tray, so they stay much cleaner than in the Space Saver.  There is no pad, and so everything is completely wipe-able.  The tray insert seems useless to me as my daughter easily figured out how to pull it off and throw it on the floor, but the bottom tray works just fine.  I really like the smaller size and it has a more streamlined look.  She seems to sit more comfortably on this one and can rest her feet on the end of the bar stool since this booster seat does not take up the entire seat area.  It also folds down well, so we're taking it on vacation since we are renting a home that does not have baby gear.

Review #: 100
Date: 10 18, 2013
I live in a small condo so there is no space for a full high chair and I landed up buying this. This has been great so far. My 22lb 7 month old might fit in this for another couple of months or so and I am okay with that because this is not such an expensive product. I also love the fact that the fastening straps can be buckled and used as shoulder straps when you take this seat along with you during travel. I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a solution that doesnt take up a large footprint.

Review #: 101
Date: 07 13, 2013
We actually purchased a cheaper brand booster seat first and were disappointed and took it back to the store. I got this one and love it. I guess they make it in different colors as well. We live in a small home and don't have a ton of space for a big bulky high chair. This is what my 11 month old uses all the time. It is great and super easy to clean. I like that you can remove the tray for fast cleaning. It also folds down great for traveling. I've already used it on 4 different out of town trips and it can fit to any dinning chair easily.

Review #: 102
Date: 09 16, 2012
I like this seat a lot.  It is easy to transport; I can take it to my parents' house, to restaurants and anywhere in between.  Works great!

Review #: 103
Date: 03 27, 2006
This was one of the great "investments" we made in baby gear.  My sister-in-law had a Peg Perego highchair that she DESPISED!  They couldn't get it clean.  With their second child they switched to a booster seat and were never happier.  She convinced me to try a booster instead.  She is a smart cookie indeed!  We had registered for the Eddie Bauer wooden highchair because that was supposed to be so easy to clean, but (thankfully) we didn't get it.  I have a girlfriend who did, though, and she is completely jealous of my booster.I bought this particular item based on the reviews.  Everything people have said is true. I wipe it down quickly during the day, and give it a more thorough cleaning every night.  The plastic seat is contoured, and my daughter doesn't even notice that it's not padded.  She didn't start solid food until 5 1/2 months, and then we used her bouncer at first.  We never had a use for a reclining seat.  The 3 tray depth settings, 3 height settings, and the 3-point harness have given her plenty of room to grow.  The straps on the back and bottom are pretty long and have adjusted to every chair I've ever tried with no problem.At first I used the removable tray insert, but realized that I was having to clean that and the actual tray anyway, so I stopped.  When my daughter was older I thought that a sectioned tray would be conveient, so I put it back on - once.  It took her about 2 seconds to flip it off.  So for me, this feature was completely unneccesary.I have not used it to go out to eat.  If we ever get to go to a restaurant again I may try it!  I did take it on vacation, and even though there were boosters there for the other kids, my girlfriends were using mine when I wasn't.I did not attach the booster to my regular dining chairs at home.  I had a pair of heavy wooden barstools with backs that we weren't using so I put it on one of them.  It definitely helps that we aren't leaning down to feed her.  I keep one of those thin cloth diapers (not the pre-folded) on the stool under the booster seat.  I brush off the crumbs and just switch it out with a clean one every few days.  If there's a heavy duty mess I replace it sooner.The only thing that I don't like is that food does end up in the webbing and clips of the 3-point harness.  However, I don't think there is a way around this on any product.  Besides, it's nothing a little scrub brush can't fix.  I'm just the kind of person who wants to spend as little time as possible cleaning so I can maximize my time with my daughter!As an added bonus, I keep my barstool/booster combo in the kitchen near the back door.  Since the tray is usually in the dish drainer between meals, the seat is just sitting there.  When I am getting ready to go somewhere, I get my daughter ready and strap her into the seat.  It makes it easy to put on her shoes and gather up all the gear (purse, diaper bag, keys, etc.) before we walk out.  I'm not chasing her around with an armload of stuff - or the opposite - holding her while trying to get my stuff together.The next baby is on the way.  I am buying another one of these seats and putting that other barstool to good use.

Review #: 104
Date: 05 20, 2014
So, at first glance I thought that this booster seat would be uncomfortable for my son because it has not cushioning, but that's far from a concern now. My son loves his seat, seriously!  I love that it is very safe.  It snaps to the chair really tightly, it snaps to my son, and the table snaps as well.  I also like that it has a cover.  I really like it, and I recommend it for anyone to buy :)

Review #: 105
Date: 08 15, 2013
I chose this item because its smooth surface making cleaning easy. Well its easy to clean but lots of crude get stuck under the chair because it doesnt fit flat against the chair. Also, the straps constantly get in the way of the tray making it hard to fasten down.

Review #: 106
Date: 10 23, 2013
This is awesome! Who needs a high chair! For the price, you really get more for your buck! It's adjustable and fits any chair. I am going to buy another to keep in the car for when we go out.I am glad I bought this instead of an expensive high chair. It just stays stationed on one of our dining table chairs so their isn't a bulky high chair taking about space in our tiny place.

Review #: 107
Date: 02 5, 2012
We think this is a great seat.  We had the "cadillac" of high chairs before we bought this seat and sold it once this arrived.  We like that it doesn't take up any additional space in your eating area because it sits on one of your existing chairs.  Our baby was so happy to be seated at the table with us and her siblings instead of in a separate high chair.Also, it's portable.  We bring the seat with us when we eat out and our daughter doesn't have to sit in a restaurant high chair that doesn't fit her.  Plus, you have the tray so your baby and eat or just play with toys.This seat is very easy to clean and doesn't have any spaces where food or messes can get trapped.  I have nothing negative to say about this seat.

Review #: 108
Date: 12 15, 2013
Love this seat. My son is 18 months old and wanted to sit up at the table with us. I was able to put the seat at its highest and as he grows I can lower it down. The tray is easy to clean. It says its dishwasher safe but I usually clean it in the sink. The rest of the seat is also easily cleaned. Its sturdier than the seat at my inlaws and parents. I would definately recommend.

Review #: 109
Date: 11 28, 2011
I initially bought this chair to take on vacation and it was perfect.  Compact and light.  Now we keep it at Grandma's house so the kids always have somewhere to sit without having to get out Grandma's big bulky highchair.  The height of the chair can be adjusted which is great and I love that it has two seperate trays - the only thing that would make it perfect is if the white top tray had grips on the front as well as the back.  My 15 month old has figured out how to take the white top tray off while he is eating.

Review #: 110
Date: 02 23, 2012
After my son turned about 18 months, we knew he no longer needed a high chair but he still needed a boost up at the table.  This seat is great.  It has three levels so it will fit at any table if you want to scoot the kid right up to the table, but it also has its own tray.  We really never bother with the tray cover, but the tray itself is pretty handy.  The chair folds up so you can take it with you to restaurants or someone's house.  We bought the red and tan chair and I love that it is not pink or blue but a nice color!  It takes up very little space, and I highly recommend this chair!

Review #: 111
Date: 08 2, 2012
We could not be more pleased with this item.  A great item at a fantastic price.  We are very happy we chose to try one of these prior to purchasing a high chair.This seat is simple to clean, easy to install, and has some great features.  It folds for travel, and we really like that the backrest folds down so easily.  This allows us to fold it down and push the chair back under the table with all the other chairs.  Clean up is very easy, everything wipes off without problems and our son likes sitting in it and eating.  He now goes over to the seat and points to it when he's hungry.We haven't traveled with it and aren't sure we will, but it's nice to see how easy it is to fold up and take along.Would be 5 stars even at a slightly higher price point, well worth the money.

Review #: 112
Date: 07 23, 2010
My son is 2 years old & we've been using this seat for over a year now. I really can't say enough great things about it & I recommend it to everyone with an infant. I originally purchased it for use while visiting family & eating out. The fact that it folds up & has a carrying strap is very convenient. I also like that it straps securely to the chair, has adjustable height & tray settings & wipes down easily. The snap on tray is pretty useless once they get old enough to pull it off (the tray underneath is great by itself), but it's nice that the cover snaps on when traveling to keep the tray clean. My son has always been big for his age, so I was concerned that his belly wouldn't fit with the tray on, but it was fine on the middle tray setting. Now that he's no longer using the high chair, we use this as a full time booster seat pulled up to our kitchen table. Even being used everyday, it's held up great & still comes clean easily. Now at 30 lbs, he still fits in it with plenty of room to spare. This is definitely a product worth purchasing!

Review #: 113
Date: 12 10, 2012
We have a bar-height kitchen table, so the high chair wasn't tall enough. We ended up buying this booster seat and strapping it into one of the chairs. We actually don't use the tray - we just push the chair up to the table so he can eat like we do. I like that it has straps so I don't have to worry about my toddler jumping from the tall chair when he's done eating. Easy to clean.

Review #: 114
Date: 06 23, 2013
This is good for traveling because it's reletively small, but it's bare bones for home use. There is no padding, and no between-the-legs post  to keep smaller children from sliding under the tray.

Review #: 115
Date: 05 3, 2014
I generally find cleaning high chairs to be a pain, so an all plastic mostly dishwasher safe chair seemed like a better option for us.  The seat is safely secured to a dining chair and that way our son can sit with us while we eat dinner at the same level.  This thing is a breeze to clean and very sturdy.

Review #: 116
Date: 07 11, 2013
My 8 month old does great in this seat! I purchased two - one for our home and one for my MIL.Pros are pretty straightforward:- Easy to install on existing kitchen chair- Doesn't take up additional space- Super easy to clean- Portable so you can take it to a restaurant if you so choose- Comfy- SturdyMy sister used this same seat for both her children and her oldest still uses it. She's almost 2.5 and still fits great!

Review #: 117
Date: 03 23, 2013
The one thing that I really liked about this chair is that the entire thing was dishwasher safe. I put it in the dishwasher every so often to disinfect. My son did not fit in it for very long. ( he is big for his age though).  I bought this to keep in my car for when we were away from the house, like eating at grandma's or something like that. It just the job, but it's nothing spectacular !

Review #: 118
Date: 01 29, 2014
We have 2 of these to use in restaurants (one for each car) I love them! My 3 year old has been using the same chair since he was 8m. We carry them when going out to eat because I'm not going to ask my kid to sit In a nasty booster that I wouldn't want to sit in lol. They are also great when we go home for the holidaysPros:- I like how the tray has a lid on top so you know that surface it clean when you open it- it attaches to any chair easily (buckle snap strap around the back, buckle snap strap underneath the seat)- the tray has 3 little adjustments to bring the tray closer to baby- the straps come out to wash- the trays are dishwasher safe- fold up nicely so you can carry it on your shoulder- you can adjust the height level on the chair- there is a tray that is the high chair tray & then another tray that snaps on that - it comes off super easy but is very secure when in use- seat belt secures them in their seatCons- every now and then the straps can be kinda of a pain to remove for washingGreat buy, I've also bought several for baby showers

Review #: 119
Date: 12 2, 2007
This is the best booster seat you can possibly buy.  We use it at our dining room table and take it whenever we go out to eat.  It is so quick and easy to remove, install, and carry around.  It's easy to clean, has adjustable heights, and is very sturdy.  My two and a half year old can struggle with all of his might and won't get out.  It should be on everyone's baby registry!

Review #: 120
Date: 02 28, 2013
This is the second one of these I've ordered. I had the red one and then ordered the brown/tan one as well so that I could leave one at the grandparent's house. I bought this thinking it would be a transitional seat for later, but I ended up deciding not to buy an actual high chair because this met all our needs. I didn't start feeding my baby solid foods until 6 months, so she was already sitting up well and didn't need a padded recline anyway. This chair functions really well for us. I like that it doesn't take up our precious space, and if we need the chair when company comes over it is easy to take off temporarily. It's so easy that we often take us with us when we go and visit relatives. My daughter is about to turn one and this chair is still working great for us. It is also easy to clean. No complaints at all. I would highly recommend this handy little chair.

Review #: 121
Date: 05 15, 2014
This seat is exactly what I needed.  My mother has one at her house and when I started keeping a second 8 month old, I decided to order one for myself.  It's smaller than my space saver seat and doesn't recline, but for any baby older than 7 months, I think this would be fine.  The space saver seat has straps over the shoulders that keep the baby more contained, but for the two 8 month old babies I keep this works just fine.  It's small enough to fit in any chair and works just fine in the floor the way we use it.

Review #: 122
Date: 01 29, 2013
In my small kitchen, this is the perfect high chair.  Baby can even sit at the table with us if needed! Cleans easily, comfortable, and helpful.

Review #: 123
Date: 01 1, 2013
I am a grandparent & I wanted something that wouldn't take up  a lot of space. Easily straps on. Easy to clean. and great for their progressive growth.

Review #: 124
Date: 01 19, 2011
I bought TWO of these booster/high chairs for my daughter, one for grandmas and one to stay in the car. It is an EXCELLENT chair and well worth the money.  The only problem I have with it so far is it is hard to un-clip the tray from the seat, however this may be because it is new and needs to be used a bit to loosen.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone.  Not only is it affordable, the size is perfect!!

Review #: 125
Date: 10 6, 2009
I love everything about this booster.  I like that it has different height settings, so I can be closer to eye level with my son while feeding him.  The main reason I got it is because it's portable and can fit on any chair.  I love the fact that the seat has no cracks so that food can not get stuck in.  The only down side is that it didn't take my 7 month old very long to figure out that the tray is removable.

Review #: 126
Date: 06 16, 2014
i GOT TWO OF THESE FOR MY TWIN GRANDSONS WHO ARE TWO YEARS OLD.  THEY FUNCTION AS DESCRIBED AND THEIR 8 MONTH OLD SISTER CAN USE IT TOO.  THEY WERE EASY TO INSTALL AND FIT SECURELY ON BOTH MY DINING ROOM CHAIRS AND A STANDARD FOLDING CHAIR.  THEY TAKE UP LESS SPACE THAN A TRADITIONAL HIGHCHAIR WHICH MAKES THEM EASIER TO USE IN MY HOME. THE TRAYS ARE SMALLER THAN A STANDARD HIGH CHAIR, BUT I DON'T SEE THAT AS A PROBLEM ESPECIALLY SINCE ONE TRAY HAS A CUP HOLDER - THAT'S THE ONE WE USE THE MOST.

Review #: 127
Date: 11 9, 2011
I have 3 children. I used a fisher-price healthy care deluxe booster seat with my oldest kid and used the "space-saver high chair" with my second kiddo because I had sold the other one when I had to move over-seas. I stuck with the space saver high chair but it was such a pain getting food stuck in the crevices and under the seat pad and not being able to pull all the way up to the table. I ended up selling it when I had my third child and buying another of the fisher-price seats. I'm very happy I did. So much better. It's easy to clean and it can be used easily instead of a high chair with a 5+ month old in my opinion. And just for your knowledge; my almost 3 year old climbed up in the seat and closed the tray around him when I wasn't looking and he fit just fine. Highly recommended.

Review #: 128
Date: 08 5, 2012
I bought one for my daughter and myself since I watch my grandchild a lot.  We love this booster seat!  The reviews for booster seat products helped a lot in making my choice.  It's great for parents without a lot of room for a regular highchair and for grandparents who need to store a highchair when not in use.  No tools are required to assemble, the booster height is adjustable and it sits securely on our dining chairs.  I like that the trays are dishwasher safe.  When he no longer needs the "highchair" it's still a great booster for sitting at the table.  We've had no trouble with the way the tray attaches or detaches as I've read in some of the reviews and we feel he sits safe and secure in the seat.

Review #: 129
Date: 09 7, 2011
This chair has been great.  It took our son a long time to be able to hold his head up, but once that was accomplished and he could sit up comfortably, he absolutely loves this high chair, and so do his parents!  It is easy to take with you in the car and to restaurants.  Our peanut was in some ways too small for a lot of the high chairs we came across, and this one made it so easy to sit him at the table wherever we were eating.  It is really easy set up as well.  One strap around the back, and one strap around the bottom and you are all set.  It is plastic so it is easy to clean up.  The tray is a little difficult to get on and off, but it gets easier with practice and you really don't want it to come off easily since your baby will smack it around. I highly recommend and do not miss not having a high chair at all.One thing to be cautious about is that it is only as sturdy as the chair you put it on. If the base of the chair narrow and the chair is not too heavy, your baby could potentially tip the chair on to which you strap this.

Review #: 130
Date: 03 23, 2012
i just love how convenient and easy this chair is to use for my 5 month old. we just started him on solids, and wanted a high chair that would be easy to take to grandmas house, and one that attached to a regular chair.i bought it because of the terrific price and good reviews and am not disappointed! love the plastic cover that you can put over the tray when you are not eating, to keep it clean.Its super easy to clean, baby seems comfortable in it, and when he gets older, we just pull it right up to the table and its a booster seat.probably the best all-in-one baby product that will last long into toddkerhood that i have purchased!

Review #: 131
Date: 01 30, 2014
We've been using this as a high chair for our kid since he was about 10 months old. He's now 19 months old, and we love this thing. Fits on one of our normal kitchen chairs (so no extra stuff in our kitchen dining area), holds him securely, and cleans up very easy. Just make sure you clean under the seat every so often, quite a lot of stuff ends up between this booster seat and the chair.Additionally, you can just take this thing with you when you go on vacation or even just to a friends house for dinner, very portable and sets up in seconds.

Review #: 132
Date: 06 28, 2013
i just saw this product at Target for $12.00 more than what i paid here, this is a great tray and a wonderful product for anyone with a baby/toddler, buy it here cause in any store you will pay more.

Review #: 133
Date: 10 20, 2011
I enjoy the versatility of this chair.  It is adjustable so that we can utilize the chair as he grows.  I love that the trays can be sanitized in the dishwasher.  It cleans up easily.  I wish that the center piece between his legs came up a little higher and would have liked the back to be a little thicker material.  I read the review and was happy that I picked this booster seat.

Review #: 134
Date: 06 22, 2014
Love these.  Best thing I ever got. Use them for my twin grandsons ain't my small kitchen.  Easy to set up and take down.  The twins are two now and have been using these since they could sit up.  Easy to clean.  I sewed two towels together and put it over the back of the chairs to minimize those grimy hands.  We take these camping and when we visit friends and family.  There are three hieght adjustments and folds up to take anywhere.  Nice to have for many years!

Review #: 135
Date: 07 2, 2014
Okay item. My main complaint is that the tray has a lip underneath. My 8 month old pushes his feet against it and it cut his toe! So now he has to wear socks at every meal to prevent cutting!

Review #: 136
Date: 11 5, 2011
i've used this product for both my children. i cringed at the thought of bulky, messy highchairs and this is a fabulous alternative to that. the entire surface can be cleaned within seconds and the tray can be sanitized in the dishwaser. some reviewers write that they bought it to use at grandparents' house, but i've used this daily for the past 2.5 years with both my daughters. we put our children in this when they first started solid food--we have some friends who thought they 'needed' a high chair because it had more padding for really young children who are just starting solids. i had no problems with putting my girls in this seat as young as 5 months old--of course the age depends greatly on each child's motor skill development. this is a highly durable, great product! also, you can slide the booster right up to the table and have the child eat from the table verses the tray.

Review #: 137
Date: 07 5, 2013
I love this thing! It's inexpensive, east to use, easy to clean, portable, secure, and takes up very little space. It's the only high chair my child has ever used, and we use it at home, bring it to restaurants, to other peoples homes, and even brought it on vacation with us! She's 2 years old and still has room. I buy this for every new mom now. There's no need to spend $$$ on bulky high chairs that can tip over.

Review #: 138
Date: 10 10, 2012
This booster is perfect. It cleans easily, 6 month (now 9 month) baby loves it. This chair travels well but it also used everyday at grandma's house. I spent hours trying to be sure I bought something that baby would be comfortable in, but was also easy to clean and use. This chair is perfect! There is no cloth to need to wash, it wipes down easily. The best part, you can't beat the price!

Review #: 139
Date: 09 7, 2013
We opted to not buy a high chair with our child and use this instead. It's been great. We don't actually use the white feeding tray and just use the tray instead. We started using it when our son was about 4 months old and has been able to grow with him. Now that our son is getting older, we can leave leave the tray off and slide him up to the table for meal time. Such a nice way to transition.

Review #: 140
Date: 03 18, 2014
Bought this for my 7 month old son.  It was exactly what I was looking for and I love the fact it's compacted and can be tossed in car quickly.  The only issue, which is why it gets a 4 and not a 5, is that it can be hard to &#34;unlock&#34; the tray tabs.  I can't do it one handed for sure!  But other than that it's great and I've used it several times.

Review #: 141
Date: 08 1, 2013
This little seat is great.  Bought it for my granddaughter.  It is so convenient to carry around, my daughter keeps it in the car, so we have it no matter where we decide to eat.  We love it.  and it is easy to clean.

Review #: 142
Date: 03 17, 2006
We got this booster seat/high chair because we knew we were going to have only one child and didn't have the space to have a large high chair. It attaches easily to our kitchen chairs and I've been putting our 5-month old daughter in it while I work in the kitchen for 2 months now. I love everything about this chair (easy to clean, height adjustable, sturdy) except for one thing (hence the 4 stars). It's hard to attach and detach the tray. It has three plastic "nubs" at different depths (so it can grow with your child) that you snap the tray over. You have to line them up well while attaching the tray. Once it's on it's on - it's not made for 1-hand removal. When she's having a fit and needs to get out immediately, I have a hard time detaching the tray and I worry about pulling too hard because I don't want to rock, or worse, tip the chair.We just started solid foods this weekend so it's getting easier to use as she gets used to sitting in it. I am glad that the white tray just snaps off so it's not messy to remove the blue tray. It would be the perfect product if the tray could just swing in and out for everyday use and completely remove for cleaning.

Review #: 143
Date: 05 8, 2005
We have 2 twin boys who are 20 months old. They used to use an old wooden highchair at grandmas, but there was only one and it was falling apart. She bought these because they could work for my niece (3 years old) without the back and it could work with my 20 month olds as a highcahir. This chair is so convinent. The snap in tray is great, just like my Aquarium chair at home! It is also nice that it adjusts to the tray can rest on the table. I love that its VERY easy to fold and carry. My boys love sitting in it, and its SUPER easy to clean. We would buy one for restaurants, but we just use a floppy seat, less room and we need ALL the room with twins. I love this booster and its perfect for grandmas, houses with limited space, for going out to eat, or just instead of a highchair if you have multiple children! We love this chair, and would never use another one for grandmas.

Review #: 144
Date: 05 7, 2014
Great product, easy to assemble and easy to clean. Just make sure to put it on chair that is not wobbly. Great as a spare, for travel or if you are a grandparent.

Review #: 145
Date: 11 23, 2011
This booster is really, really great. Love that you can adjust the height to fit under any table. Love the removable tray for easier cleaning and sterilization. It's also nice the removable part of the tray comes with a lid. That way you can either store the leftovers, or just cover the messy tray if you're in public and can't clean it right away. It folds up easily and you can use the back strap to carry it. My daughter feels like a big girl in this seat, so of course she loves it. :) Would recommend this to everyone switching from a high-chair to booster. We take this thing with us everywhere!

Review #: 146
Date: 08 14, 2008
In a restaruant or at home, these are a life saver with the twins. Highly recommend this product.

Review #: 147
Date: 06 13, 2013
I have 3 of these, one at my sister's, one for the car and one for home. The only thing I didn't care for THIS one is that it doesn't have a hole in the back of the seat so you can use it as a handle. My other 2 which I had bought for my first son over 5 years ago has it.  I use these chairs for a long time! It made my older son stay put in restaurants!

Review #: 148
Date: 10 21, 2010
I am very impressed with this booster seat!  We transitioned to this one when our standard-issue high chair just became too cumbersome to position and clean.  The traditional high chair was more padded but I gladly traded that for ease of clean-up.  This little booster has everything I need:  adjustability all over the place and easy maintenance.  The straps are durable and adjustable, the tray positioning is adjustable, and the chair height is adjustable to three different positions.  I like the option of sticking the tray straight into the dishwasher for cleaning but I've never done that as it's so easy to clean just in the sink.  Also, it comes with a cover for the removable tray.  I imagine this can be used for preparing a meal for your little one and then sticking it in the fridge for the sitter, in addition to just keeping the surface clean.  So far, we have not taken it out with us to restaurants but I think we'll be doing that very soon as it was very easy to attach to our chair and adjust for a nice and tight fit.  The seat has a little formed bump area that fits between the baby's legs to also help keep them in place, in addition to the 3-point belt.  The tray does not extend out around the baby quite as much as a traditional high-chair but I don't see that as a problem.  The legs are reinforced on the bottom with rubberized grips to hold onto the adult chair or surface.Honestly, I wish I would have put this seat on my baby registry instead of the big, bulky, and hard to clean otherone that I wound up selling anyway.  I highly recommend this little booster.

Review #: 149
Date: 01 31, 2014
We loved this seat! We didn't use the inserts, we just washed the blue tray as needed. The seat fastened to chairs easily and was stable and secure. Small enough for taking to restaurants, big enough to be secure. Surrounded the baby well enough that it made playing with finger food easy! Baby loved that and so did we.

Review #: 150
Date: 05 21, 2006
We absolutely can't say enough positive things about the Fisher Price Healthy Care Booster Seat.  Although I didn't even register for it at first, a friend said it was a "must-have", and boy, was she right!  This sturdy little booster is a workhorse, putting up with curious, sticky fingers meal-after-meal.  My son fits in it comforably and I love the convenience of the 3 levels, tray cover and lightweight portability.  I've taken this booster seat everyone - friends' houses, restaurants, vacations, and everywhere we go, we get compliments on it.  It's a great item for grandma to pick up for those special visits to her house - forget the high chair!My son has used his booster exclusively since he was able to sit up comfortably.  I highly recommend this wonderful booster!

Review #: 151
Date: 03 20, 2012
I was looking at a lot of expensive high chairs and decided to use this one in the mean time.  Since we started using it, we stopped looking for a more expensive alternative.  It's sturdy and easy to use.

Review #: 152
Date: 05 21, 2012
This has been great for our baby so far.  It's sturdy, easy to put together, not hard to get tightly attached to the chair, and apparently pretty comfortable.  Our nine month old LOVES to sit in it!  He'll just drum happily on the tray until we bring the food over.We got this when our son was about 8 months old.  My husband and I were feeling very picky about high chairs whenever we looked at them in stores.  He kept favoring the really expensive ones for their sturdiness and comfort, while I favored the cheap ones because I know kids really don't use high chairs for that long of a time (and we might not have another baby).  I saw this on Amazon and thought the good reviews plus the chair's ability to "grow" with the kid by turning into a booster seat was GREAT. I mentioned it to my husband... and he said he wanted to see it in person first (meaning, we'd hunt it down in a store)!  Well, I decided I was tired of our indecision and ordered it.  I told him we could return it at no cost if we didn't like it, so this was an ideal way to see it in person.  When he saw it strapped to a chair in our kitchen, he looked at it, jiggled it, moved pieces, put our son in it, and loved it!Problem solved.  :)

Review #: 153
Date: 01 21, 2013
If I had known I would've just used this instead of a high chair because this is all plastic and it's easy to clean. I used it since he could sit up and he's 28 months now and he's still using it.

Review #: 154
Date: 03 14, 2014
Tired of telling my daughter to sit on her tushy on our big chairs during meal time, I got this booster seat for her to use.  It is easy for her to climb into, she can latch the strap herself, and it pushes directly up to the table.  I love that it has several options for how high to make it (I had a previous booster seat that did not adjust and it did not get her up high enough to the table), and it is really easy to clean.  I have never used it outside the home, although it does seem light enough to easily be portable if we wanted to take it out.  I think the price is right on this and it is very useful.

Review #: 155
Date: 05 25, 2013
Very portable easy to attach and take off chairs, small and lightweight. We keep this at my parents house during the week since they watch our 8 month old while I work, and take it with us whenever we go anywhere to eat so we don't have to use those yucky highchairs at restaurants!

Review #: 156
Date: 01 2, 2014
I have a really nice Graco high chair that was perfect for my son when he was not able to sit comfortably on his own for mealtimes (so I think under 8 months old) - it has a five point safety belt that securely holds baby in place and the base of the high chair is sturdy enough so that tipping is not a concern.While over at a friend's house, we used their Fisher Price booster seat and liked it so much that we ended up buying two, one for my parent's house and one for my in-laws so that we wouldn't have to cart around the bulky high chair all the time.This booster seat is easy to clean, the tray pieces can be washed separately, and the straps are easy to remove for machine washing (and air drying). It is very portable as well as the trays snap in to make the seat compact for carrying. Issues to consider are the fact that a kid could leverage their feet against the table and knock over their chair if you're not watching.Update: So now I realized that I actually purchased one for at home use as well so that my toddler could sit and eat at the dinner table instead of his high chair. I raised my rating... cause I liked it so much, I bought three!

Review #: 157
Date: 02 2, 2013
We got this booster seat when my son was about 8 months old to use when we went on vacation. The tray pops off so that you can fold the seat back down. Then, you reattach the tray after rotating it 180 degrees. This makes it the most compact for storage and travel. My son is now 19 months. I'm not sure how much longer he'll be able to use it with the straps because we have them as loose as possible, and they are starting to get snug.This booster has worked very well for us. It straps easily to most chairs, both around the seat back and the seat. We've even strapped it sideways on a picnic table bench. It's lightweight so it's easy to carry around using the straps on your shoulder.The only issue we've had is that when we carry it sideways the tray liner and the tray cover fall off. We usually keep those in place for storage, but remove both when we're using it. We used it without the tray yesterday and it worked great just pushed up to the table.

Review #: 158
Date: 09 30, 2013
We use this when we visit grandparents for meals and it is perfect.  It is easy to clean, very easy to transport and works great!

Review #: 159
Date: 01 9, 2014
If you are a minimalist like me who shudders at seeing baby paraphernalia all over your house, this booster seat is exactly what you need. It fits to our dining room chairs which are upholstered and have no spaces for the ties so I was worried it wouldn't be secure - much to my surprise it is very secure and the straps are long enough where it probably fits on to any chair. There is no padding which is such a great idea because clean up is so easy - just spray and wipe down. The trays pop off and are easy to clean and dishwasher safe. It folds up and is portable. Our son is 5 months old - 16 lbs -  and fits in there comfortably with room to grow. I love how it can function as a booster seat when he is older - it has 3 different height options so we can use it as he grows. Would never purchase a high chair for any of our future children, ever - this is it for us.

Review #: 160
Date: 05 19, 2013
I am very happy with the quality and design of this booster seat. It is easy to use, has a secure buckle system, the white tray insert and cover are good ideas. Works as a play chair on the floor as well.

Review #: 161
Date: 10 2, 2013
Hi, we bought this chair as our baby's first but we received a used product which had cleaning starches and marks on it. It's a plastic product, we could have bought it used from a cheaper price. As our place is distant from UPS and we don't want to carry it back, we have to keep this BUT this kind of trade is not good!!! SO, beware that you can also receive used product!

Review #: 162
Date: 12 14, 2012
We loved this booster seat so much we bought a second one for our second child. It is easy to snap on to any seat available, and super easy to clean. We have put our 5 month old in it a few times, and she is easily supported by the back and tray to sit up in the seat for a few minutes at a time. We love that we don't have to lug around a big, bulky high chair, as we don't have much floor space in our dining area, so a booster seat was a great option for us! Definitely recommend this seat to anyone wanting to save some floor space!

Review #: 163
Date: 04 11, 2014
Before having any kids of my own, I already noticed many parents carrying this booster to restaurants. There's a reason why this is one of the most popular booster seats. It's affordable, well-designed, and does what it's supposed to. It just works.

Review #: 164
Date: 05 31, 2013
I bought this booster when my daughter was 9 months old to use at restaurants instead of a high chair. She seemed to like having her own tray, and I found this booster more secure and more sanitary than using a restaurant high chair. My daughter is now 20 months old and she has outgrown her high chair and we use this seat at the table every day when we eat. I have known another mom that never used a formal high chair and only used this chair strapped to one of their kitchen table chairs. This booster takes up a lot less room than one of those huge high chairs. I love that the height on the chair is adjustable and the price can't be beat. This is one of my must have baby products. We even bought one for Grandma's house when we go and visit.

Review #: 165
Date: 09 7, 2008
I actually use this booster for my 6 month old daughter. It does a great job of putting her at the table so that she can feel she is part of the family meals too. It was so much cheaper than the traditional high chair and way less bulky. Plus, I can take it with us when we travel. The trays are great. Super easy to wash. When I first started putting her in it, she wasn't able to sit up on her own but the trays and straps did a great job helping her to sit up unassisted. I would definitely recommend this product.

Review #: 166
Date: 06 11, 2014
I got this to keep on one of our dining chairs permanently until our son is old enough to sit on a regular chair. Our table is black with tan cushions and this chair looks great with it, because it blends with the colors perfectly. And it has 3 different height options, which we currently have on the highest setting, so we have plenty of room to grow in it. For reference, my son is probably about 35 inches tall.

Review #: 167
Date: 01 9, 2014
I bought this chair in lieu of a conventional high-chair to save money. Four years and two babies later I never ended up buying anything else. We are still using it and I couldn't ask for anything more. With all the baby gear I've bought over the years, this is by far one of my best purchases. And you can't beat the price!

Review #: 168
Date: 12 5, 2012
I bought this inexpensive chair for use at my parents' house and I wish this is the one I would have gotten for myself instead of the more expensive one I have. This chair is a great space saver, it's an awesome little high chair. LOVE it.

Review #: 169
Date: 12 16, 2013
I bought it to use later when my baby can sit up and we travel, but it was nice to have when my sister came over with my 2 yr old niece. It strapped into my tall kitchen chairs and felt very sturdy.  She was happy as could be sitting at the table next to everyone.  My sister is now going to order her one too.

Review #: 170
Date: 11 18, 2010
We purchased this for a special baby who visits us a few times a week.  This chair folds up small enough to store on a shelf where I keep large pots and is easy to strap to a chair for a quick meal of strained whatever.  Said special baby loves to sit at the table with everyone, something a stand-alone highchair might not allow so easily.  Clean-up from our special, but messy, baby guest is a breeze.  I just take the chair and tray to the sink for a quick wipe/spray, although I could put the tray into the dishwasher.  Five stars for sure!

Review #: 171
Date: 01 11, 2012
We purchased this booster seat when my son turned six months and started solid foods. I love almost everything about it. It is super easy to clean, it's portable, it's the right size for our little guy (still fits great, and he's almost one now), and it has allowed him to sit at the table with the family from day one instead of being in a high chair off to the side. The tray snaps on securely, so there is no way he can pull it off. There is no fabric to stain-treat or dry. The only negative is that the seat has no padding, so his little bottom is red after sitting there for a 20 minute meal with the family. We put a folded dish towel on it for him to sit on, but it's still a hard seat. I wish it came with a little spongy pad or something. Overall, we are extremely happy with this product!

Review #: 172
Date: 04 28, 2006
We got this booster for my son when he was 10 months old for Grandmas house since we eat dinner there almost every day.  We love it no complaints at all.  Fits all size chairs the size and height are great.  My son is a big tall boy and still fits in it no problem at 16 months.  He even plays with it when he's not eating the loves the seat belts locking and unlocking them.  The different tray combo is great and the cover keeps it from getting dusty.  Very comfortable we've taken it out with us many times to different restaurants and it worked great.  Great buy for the money.

Review #: 173
Date: 04 26, 2014
Easy to install, easy to hose down, easy to port around. VERY glad we bought this instead of a whole separate fancy chair. Only minor issue is that my baby has been able to pull off the food tray since he was 6 months old and so we tend not to use it and just use the basic brown tray.

Review #: 174
Date: 07 12, 2014
We love this high chair and it takes up much less space than our old one!!

Review #: 175
Date: 11 9, 2011
I don't know how I would get by without this booster.  I use it all of the time!  My daughter is a wiggle worm and climber, so putting her in restaurant high chairs is just not an option.  She easily slips out of them and is soon standing on the high chair--not good.  Not to mention, some restaurants don't even have high chairs.  This booster fastens securely to any chair, so you can bring it wherever you go.  It's also a nice option to have around if you have children (nieces, nephews, grandchildren) visiting you, and you need an extra seat for the kiddos.  The booster is easy to carry around because it folds up and the straps that fasten it to a chair can be used as a strap.  I keep this in my car at all times and recommend it to every mother I know.

Review #: 176
Date: 05 13, 2012
Great product, planning to get more for family members to use when we are at their home. It is very secure and attaches very easily. Get this product rather than a high chair, have both, and this is far better.

Review #: 177
Date: 12 21, 2013
Awesome chair.  Wipes clean.  Has a built in double tray so if the top white one gets dirty, pull it off and just the blue!  Also, we had the hook on chair before that most people eyed suspiciously when we tried to hook it up to their nice tables but this one works everywhere and no one is afraid we'll damage finish or be dropping babies from 4 feet of the ground.  It also has adjustable feet.  Can't beat the functionality for the price.

Review #: 178
Date: 01 9, 2013
I loved my Graco high chairs in the black and white damask pattern because they were really cute.  BUT, I have twins and so I had two of them, cramming up my breakfast nook.  They take up a tremendous amount of space.  And, although they clean up beautifully, it takes some time to do so (you have to wash & dry the fabric covers, then scrub down the whole frame) .  These Healthy care Deluxe Boosters take care of both of those issues!  I now have a ton of room in my breakfast area and spend a tenth of the time cleaning them!  That means more time doing the stuff I want to do like play with my kiddos!!

Review #: 179
Date: 04 28, 2011
If you are looking for an inexpensive all purpose solution to the filthy high chairs found in restaurants, the problems of no high chair when visiting friends or family, and the expense of a high chair at home...here it is.For a remarkably low price, you have a chair that means no more food encrusted high chairs in restaurants.  You have a high chair for visiting grandma & grandpa, and one for using in your home without looking like you have turned into Babies R Us.  Its easy to clean, compact, and stashes as easily as it travels. It has all of the features of expensive chairs without the price tag.I wish I'd found this when my granddaughter was born, but she's only six months old, so we have a long time ahead of us to take advantage of this chair.  It beats the heck out of those awful chairs with complicated adjustments and toe-stubbing legs that take up as much room as the average dinette set too!

Review #: 180
Date: 02 6, 2008
I just started using this for my 9 month old only b/c she started not wanting to sit in the original high chair we have (Fisher Price Space Saver).  We had purchased this as a travel high chair to take with us to dinner at other people's homes.  For that purpose it definitely is very useful - easy to collapse, carry and install.However, for every day use, I think it is just OK.  I find that it sits too low, even on the highest setting.  The tray is lower than our table level (vs. the Space Saver where it was about the same level).  This is particularly frustrating for me b/c we have a dog who is now able to put his chin on the high chair tray.The dishwasher safe tray (white one) does not seem to snap on well so my baby keeps playing with it and is able to totally pull it off.  As a result, I just stopped using it and directly use the blue tray.  I personally find that it is a bit hard to snap the tray on and off.I don't think this would be easy to use for a baby first learning to sit in the high chair unless your baby already sits unsupported pretty well.  The seat back is very upright and does not recline.  It is also a hard seat with no padding.

Review #: 181
Date: 07 30, 2013
This booster is light and well built.  The unit is easy to clean, and my only real wish is that the center strap was adjustable in height. Other than that, my kid's happy, I'm happy.  I recommend it.

Review #: 182
Date: 06 24, 2014
I think my biggest issue with this chair is that my baby is very uncomfortable in it. He would scream every time I tried to put him in it. I ended up buying a regular high chair with a padded seat and he has no problem sitting in it (though he has no problem sitting in hard restaurant high chairs). He's 6 months old now, so perhaps when he's older he'll like it more. The only advantages of the fisher price booster seat are that it's very portable, inexpensive, and might be good for people with don't have an extra 2 feet of space for a high chair. But it doesn't matter how portable or inexpensive it is if your baby hates it.

Review #: 183
Date: 12 19, 2005
Take it from a second time Mom who is re-learning a lot the second time around......We had a "regular" sized high chair the first time around.  It was one of those wooden ones that looked like an old-fashioned high chair.  Although it looked a lot nicer than the regular high chairs, it was a bear to clean.  I'm ashamed to say that when I dug it out of the basement I STILL found crusted food on it...from five years ago.  Ick.  Anyway, I looked around and saw the great reviews on this item, so I decided to try it for myself.  And I can't rave enough!  My child is at table-level on the highest setting.  Of course, that depends on your table & chairs, but the adjustable settings really make a diference.  The tray is great - so easy to put on and take off, and being able to throw everything in the dishwasher is GREAT.  Your child can eat off the blue base, or the white removable tray (with cupholder). (So, when the white tray is still in the dishwasher - dirty - you can use the blue one!)  Herein is my only complaint: when baby gets old enough he/she will no doubt be able to pop the white cover right off the blue base.  This lessens the convenience factor just a bit, but not enough to make it a really big deal.  There is a handy green cover, which is nice if you intend on taking this to a restaurant - you won't get all the goop all over you and your car!  We did have a booster with our first child, but I HATED cleaning it - there were some nooks and crannies that food always got caught in and it was such a pain.  No such trouble here.  This was a wise purchase - and for less than 1/3 the price of the "big" highchair we were considering!  I bought one for my house, and one for Grandma's, and had some $$$ from the highchair budget leftover to get something else instead!  This booster folds up nicely, whether you want to do that for storage, or to take along somewhere.  We will be using this for a few years, I'm sure - it will stay with my daughter into toddlerhood, when I'll be able to remove the tray and back, and use it only as a booster seat.  It's great!***Adding to this review in February 2008 - we STILL use this as a booster only.  Love it, love it, love it!  Knowing how indispensable it's been, I would have paid much more for it, but it is so truly a bargain!***Adding to this review in April 2011 -  we STILL have the 2 of these we bought years ago, and are using them with our third child. LOVE THESE!!!!

Review #: 184
Date: 08 24, 2011
Love that I decided not to spend $80-100 on a highchair. It would have just been in the way anyway. This chair is perfect for my little one and she will get years more use out of it!It is true, like others have said that the white tray is very easy for your toddler to learn how to remove. Now my baby tries to remove it and dump her food all the time. I wish it clicked in better or had a latch of some sort. Also wish all parts were dishwasher safe.

Review #: 185
Date: 05 27, 2014
My daughter seems comfortable sitting in this booster. One of the reasons I bought this one was that it is completely made of plastic so I can very easily throw it in the shower and rinse it off if it gets covered in food. The safety straps that keep the child secure only goes around the waist and locks through with third that comes up from the chair seat. Although I don't see my child falling out, I'm also a little paranoid and usually go for over protection. I would like the next generation of this product to have shoulder straps similar to a stroller. This booster seems well constructed and designed other than this minor criticism.

Review #: 186
Date: 11 25, 2013
I love that it adjusts to three different hights once fastened to a chair and that the tray can come off and my son can eat with us at the table instead of on the side of the table like he had to in his old highchair. I also like how its portable and the tray can be cleaned easily in the sink and isn't too big to stack with the rest of my dishes.

Review #: 187
Date: 06 9, 2014
We have the older model for my son, so we knew we wanted to get this Deluxe version for our daughter.  I like that the seat back is now curved and I like the detachable tray plate and cover.  Our 7 month old is still a little small for it, so I just rolled up a couple of receiving blankets to stick in next to her and we're all set to go!  I love how little space this uses!

Review #: 188
Date: 10 15, 2013
This booster is a wonderful transition from infant highchair to the family table.  It has three heights and a removable tray as you can see from the pictures.  It travels very well and so far the white has remained stain free.  When a red based food does look like it might stain, we just clean it with a little vinegar and no problem.  It is a bit on the purple-y side for a little boy, but the brown and beige one was too boring for us.  We figure if one of the ninja turtles can pull off purple, so can our little man.  Really pleased with our purchase.

Review #: 189
Date: 10 25, 2012
We got this for our then 6 month old baby. And we absolutely love it. She is now 13 months. I'll point out some Pros and Cons so you can make a better decision.NEUTRAL:- Operation: you place baby in seat, fasten seat belts, and then place base tray (and top tray if you want).PROS:- 3 Adjustable heights.- Straps are detachable and washable: yes, they are. Another reviewer says they're not, BUT THEY ARE. I have detached them. You just have to slide your hand under the seat and help the straps come out. Very easy to do.- EASY TO CLEAN: no fabric, no problem. My baby is perfectly comfortable without cushioning and hot fabrics. And I can assure sure that cleaning this is a breeze as it doesn't have crevices and seams.- SPACE SAVER: using one of your dining chairs (or any other chair) would save space when you slide it under the table. I'll also blend in better with your decoration.- 2 trays: both detachable. The top one (with lid) is perfect for serving then food right there though I never used the lid. It is also dishwasher safe. Once they learn to take off this top tray by themselves the base tray stays securely in place and is easy to clean as well (no way for baby to detach this :)CONS:- If you have a cushioned chair (cushioning that can't be taken off) this seat will leave a mark, probably permanent once you take the seat off (a couple of years later?). Also, babies drop food that sometimes doesn't go to the floor but to your chair seat.- If you don't have a cushioned chair: you might want to cut a plastic or cleanable place mat and put it on the chair before installing the baby seat. This is for easy cleaning. I didn't do it and sometimes if I don't wipe fresh food immediately it gets to attached to the wood.Hope this helps you make a decision :)

Review #: 190
Date: 11 27, 2010
After reading some of the 800+ reviews, almost entirely in favor of this seat, we bought it for our then 3-month old, knowing it might be a little while before he could really sit up in it well.  To our surprise, he did great!  At first, he could sit in it for a few minutes before he'd start to list to one side.  Now, he's almost 6 months old and he's eating solid foods a few times a week.  This chair is PERFECT.  He can sit in it just fine.  You can use the tray or slide the baby up to the table, which is what we usually do.  The tray does fit great into the dishwasher.  The chair is super easy to clean and it'll be nice later on to have a portable high chair for him.  I'm so glad we didn't spend a ton of money on a chair that wouldn't do anything more than what this one does so well...support your child in a safe place while they learn to eat.

Review #: 191
Date: 12 10, 2013
I bought this for my 16 month old to use at our dining room table and he loves sitting in his new seat. The only issue we have with this seat is that even in the highest position he still sits very low and is not at a good height for feeding himself with utensils. Once he gets a little bigger this seat will be great.

Review #: 192
Date: 12 20, 2013
I'm so glad we got this instead of a high chair.  It does occupy a chair, but we rarely have a shortage of chairs at our house.  It is secure.  At 21 months old, my son can climb in and out of it himself.  We've had this since he was a newborn.  He could sit in it at around 4 months old.  He could clip the clips at around 18 months, and that was a big accomplishment.  It's a great design and attaches very well to our wood dining room chair.  It's easy to clean.  There is a space between the booster seat and dining room chair that I always forget to clean, but our dog has a long tongue.It's easy to pack around and so nice to have at restaurants so we don't have to put our son in the icky high chairs caked with ancient boogers.

Review #: 193
Date: 05 23, 2007
Given the small size of our kitchen, I was looking for an alternative to a highchair.  This booster seat has been the perfect solution. My daughter ate her first solid foods in this seat and now at the age of 2 1/2, she uses it without the tray as she sits right at the table with us. It's highly portable and durable, enduring several road trips with us. The booster is also easy to clean.  I've been extremely happy with this purchase.

Review #: 194
Date: 04 9, 2006
Love this booster seat. We have tried several different seats and this by far has been the best. Straps perfectly to every seat we have used it on, has removable back, 2 trays, height adjutment, adjustable straps, 3pt harness, folds comatc for travel or storage and also seems to be the most comfy to sit in for our 2 boys. We will also be using this same seat for our 3rd boy when the time comes. Worth every penny!

Review #: 195
Date: 05 1, 2014
I know it's inexpensive, and maybe it passes industrial tests as suitable for kids - but it's nothing I want my kid sitting in.

Review #: 196
Date: 09 19, 2010
This booster seat just made my "must have" list for babies/toddlers! Our daughter would always bend over and suck on the table when she was in restaurant high chairs and the only place to put her food was on the table where we worried about cleanliness but this booster seat turns any chair into a highchair and every surface they're touching is their own!Not only from a hygiene standpoint, this chair is super easy to attach and even easier to clean!

Review #: 197
Date: 11 30, 2013
Great high chair for travel!! We started using this when our daughter was old enough to sit up, it came in handy when travel because restaurants high chairs are huge for a 5 months old and filthy.  Our daughter is now 16 months, 22 lbs and we still use it. You just wipe off the tray with a diaper wipe and throw it back in the trunk until you need it again. It's nice to go anywhere and always have a seat.

Review #: 198
Date: 09 13, 2013
When you've had a kid already and you're moving on to your 2nd etc. you find out that you got suckered into buying a lot of crap you didn't need. A high chair is one of those things you don't need. They're bulky and hard to clean and expensive and totally unnecessary. This feeding chair fits at the table so nicely -- even with our wide dinning room chairs and our wide patio swivel chairs. It's easy to clean, easy to attach, easy to snap on and off the tray and can be used from 4 months and up. Our child feels a part of the family sitting in her chair at the table -- not &#34;near&#34; or &#34;next to&#34; the table. She doesn't feel separated at all and I think that's a big deal. She's closer to our plates and can see what we're eating easier than in a high chair. I am short and can feed her easier in this chair because I can pull it up closer and get closer to my child with this seat. We easily move it from inside to our screened-in porch table in the summer months. We bring it to restaurants as well. Plus -- you CANNOT beat the price compared to even the worst rated high chairs. With our first child we bought the most expensive high chair with all the bells and whistles and we were lured by the promise of it converting to a toddler chair. The thing broke down, clogged our large kitchen, got in the way, looked like a beast and when my kid was old enough to sit in a chair she wanted to sit in a CHAIR like mommy and daddy-- not her &#34;baby&#34; high chair. That chair was so beat up and the tray wouldn't attach anymore that even if we wanted to use it again, we could not. This feeding booster chair has been a dream and I cannot imagine why anybody would buy a high chair over one of these. Save your money -- Lord knows there's tons of other baby gear you can spend it on.

Review #: 199
Date: 04 8, 2011
I have this seat in both this color and the older style in green / blue, plus we bought one for my parents house.  We put my son in it as soon as he could sit up and it was great...if he makes a mess we just wipe down the seat (no washing a cloth high chair cover) and the tray can go in the dishwasher!

Review #: 200
Date: 05 10, 2013
I cannot say enough good things about this product!  I have had mine now for three years...my daughter used it and now my son uses it.  We don't have room for a large high chair in our kitchen so we tried this as an everyday alternative since it fits so nicely in a chair and we are SOOO glad we did.  The top is completely removable and dishwasher safe (and trust me, mine has been through the dishwasher a hundred times).  We take it on vacation, to friend's houses and since my son is now 22 months old, we use the booster seat portion only and pull him right up to the table to eat.  This is, by far, one of the best baby products we have ever purchased.  Mine is still in such good shape, I plan on giving it to a friend when my son outgrows it.

Review #: 201
Date: 02 5, 2012
I ABSOLUTLEY LOVE THIS CHAIR!! this is our first one so I really can't compare it to anything. Although I know this does not take up the space of a full blown high chair or anything bulky.. Its perfect for for my 6 month old. She fits perfect with plenty of room to grow and I feel very comfortable that this is secure..You can't beat the price either.. A must have!

Review #: 202
Date: 10 10, 2012
I'm glad I didn't spend the money on a large high chair for my 8 month old. I have already taken this chair with me out of town and to grandparent's houses, and I am pleased at how portable and light weight it is. It so easy to use and doesn't take up any space at all. My son and l ove this product!

Review #: 203
Date: 06 30, 2013
I dont really have a lot of space so putting this on a chair made it easy to move from room to room. I would highly recommend.

Review #: 204
Date: 06 10, 2013
Good quality for the price. the only thing I would changes it that the tray is not always easy to get on and off.

Review #: 205
Date: 12 1, 2013
The seat is cute and easy to attach to just about any chair.  I wanted a booster seat to take to friends' houses or when we travel.  It folds easily/quickly, making it easy to transport.  When we're home, I use the seat when we're sitting at the table coloring or doing other crafts.  It has worked for me exactly how I need it.

Review #: 206
Date: 08 2, 2013
This seat is really great.  I bought one of these 7 years ago with my oldest and gave it anyway before we had another one.  I unfortunately order a different one for our new baby and totally regretted it.  I just ordered this for myself and my sister's new baby.  Perfectly pieces together to make traveling with it easy and safe.  Very easy to clean.  I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for something that is worth its' weight in gold!

Review #: 207
Date: 01 30, 2008
I bought this when my daughter was a little over 12 months for use at my grandma's house when visiting.  She is now 25 months and still fits perfectly.  We are expecting our 2nd child in May and I plan on using this for him as well.  It is made very well.  Very easy to clean.  I was 100% satified with the purchase.

Review #: 208
Date: 12 9, 2013
I love how easy this is to use! Folds up, travels well, cleans easily, fits my kid well, is secure, and is on the third kid so they last. I will keep it always to have something for friends to use when visiting. Only complaint is that it doesn't recline so a baby can't sit at the table until the are strong enough to almost sit up.

Review #: 209
Date: 03 2, 2012
We were lucky enough to have friends who were able to lend us a high chair for the first few months my son began eating solid food. I learned a lot from having a real high chair. First, I learned what a PITA it is to fit a real high chair (of the stand alone, reclinable, padded variety) into a small space and try to maneuver around it. Second, I learned how incredibly annoying it is to clean crusted and dried carrot puree from the grooves in said high chair's seat, legs, and tray.Enter the Fisher Price Booster Seat. I'm docking a star because you might as well forget about the dishwasher safe tray. I was never able to use it without having it end up on the floor - it simply doesn't snap in firmly enough. However, for a simple to use, easy to clean, no fuss seat, this is a winner. After a meal, I take a couple baby wipes and clean off the little guy's hands and mouth. Then I snap off the tray, pop him on the floor, take another wipe and wipe off the seat. Brush/wipe off the tray, and you're done! No more lugging your huge, folding high chair outside to hose it down. No more digging around the grooves of collapsing legs for crumbs.The booster seat is also convenient enough for us to take with us to restaurants that don't have their own high chairs. Set up in seconds. And since the back and tray are both removable, I'll be using it for years to come! Truly a great product.

Review #: 210
Date: 11 4, 2013
I love, love, love this booster chair.  Our son is a bit small and using restaurant high chairs are a pain.  This seat is so easy to use and is perfect for using in a restaurant or taking over to Grandma's house.  It folds into a nice carrying position and quickly and easily unfolds into a chair.  The straps are easily buckled onto chairs.  The tray is the perfect size and is very easy to clean (and can be put in the dishwasher and fit in the dishwasher unlike many highchair trays).  I love how there is a lid for the tray, plus the eating tray which can be popped off and have a third layer at the bottom (the tray portion which attaches to the chair).  There are no nooks or crannies for food to get stuck so its super easy to clean the seat as well.

Review #: 211
Date: 05 13, 2005
This is great for on the go!  And your tray is always clean!

Review #: 212
Date: 09 25, 2013
It's convenient in that it's small and you can carry it anywhere but I don't think its a total substitute for a high chair.  I would like to be able to roll the chair anywhere and feed while I'm sitting

Review #: 213
Date: 06 2, 2011
Baby is 6 months and she just started using this chair. She's comfortable and able to sit well in it. She does not yet sit on her own unassisted but with the tray, she's able to keep herself up with no problem.  Prior to using this chair, we used the infant seat for a couple of months. She seems to have outgrown that now, even though she still fits in it, she fidgets and wants to get out of it whenever we put her in the infant seat.  So now, we will be using this chair.  I like that it is portable. Very easy to put the tray on and off.  We also have a Peg Perego high chair but that seems really big for her.  This works so well I don't see that any other way is better for feeding baby!  Excellent value!!!

Review #: 214
Date: 04 26, 2010
We recently purchased this booster seat to replace the Fisher-Price Rainforest Healthy Care High Chair, which we simply did NOT like.  That seat was hard to clean, the tray was too large, and all around it was just a hassle (you can see that product for my full review if needed)This booster seat has everything I was looking for in an improvement.  The tray is much smaller (easy clean up) and covers the base (again, easy clean up).  The tray is at his tummy level, instead of up in his armpits, making it easy for him to handle his food.  There is no fabric for food to get smooshed into (and he looks plenty comfy).  Better yet, the seat has no crevices for the food to get stuck in.  The straps are removable for cleaning.I have yet to take it with us somewhere, but I am very impressed that it folds so compactly.Overall I'm very pleased with this booster and wish that I had just purchased it in the first place, instead of a rolling high chair three times the price!

Review #: 215
Date: 02 17, 2014
I bought this as a gift and they love it.  They have brought it over to my house many times and find it very portable.  Both of their children seem to fit comfortably and have no problems in it.  It fits in almost any type of kitchen chair, even a folding card table chair.  The tray is nice and it cleans up well.  It is very study and seems like it will last for a long time.  Will buy again if I need to purchase another one.

Review #: 216
Date: 11 13, 2013
Works great! Easy to clean, easy to use and easy to take along. I take it with us to church potlucks and my son can eat right with everyone. When he's done we just snap the lid on and clean it at home :)

Review #: 217
Date: 04 18, 2011
I got my first fisher-price booster as a baby shower gift and thought the gift giver was crazy to think I would use it. My son is now 9 months old and we have been using it since he was 6 months old. It was awkward for a short time until he built a little core strength but works great now. The funny part is I do have room for a normal high chair it's just that this one works fine and is saving me a ton of money by not having to get the big one. Super easy to wipe clean. No place for food to get stuck. It's surprising how the thing you thought you'd never use gets used daily. I just ordered a second for Grandma's house. It's even east to take on car vacations.

Review #: 218
Date: 06 16, 2012
We have now substituted this for our high chair cover in restaurants.. We love that we dont have to disinfect the entire table before baby eats there.. He can play on his tray while waiting for food, and then eat/feed himself/and play during meal time. We also like that the top tray is dishwasher safe.  We actually usually just use the one tray on the bottom since it is easiest.  It is a little cumbersome to attach the bottom strap to chair at restaurants, so we sometimes attach both straps to back of chair, if we can get a tight fit.  We ONLY do this if we are both sitting right next to him on either side.

Review #: 219
Date: 06 22, 2014
We have a small kitchen, so a booster seat was a better option for us than a stand-alone highchair.  We had a fabric one before that clipped to the table, but it didn't work on all tables and the soft fabric seat was a nightmare to clean.  The molded plastic seat on this has no crevices, so there's no worrying about food getting stuck down in it.  I just wipe it clean with a wet cloth after mealtime.  We use it both with the tray and just up next to the table and it works well both ways. It's easy to strap to any standard chair and comes off really fast if we need the chair.The two cons: My baby very quickly figured out that he could pry the white liner away from the tray and drop it on the floor, food and all, so we just stopped using it. We put the food directly on the beige part of the tray and just wash it by hand (though I would think it could also go in the dishwasher if you wanted).  Also, when we use it without the tray and have him at the table, he can reach the safety straps and has gotten food all over them.  Unlike the seat, the straps are not easy to clean!  A wet cloth has not done the trick and they are stained and kind of gross.  With the tray snapped on he can't reach the straps, so it's only because we used it without that this happened.  I still love the seat and would recommend it to anyone.  Wonderful product for the price-- don't waste your money on a stand-alone high chair!

Review #: 220
Date: 10 11, 2012
The majority of the time, this stays buckled into one of our dining room chairs and our daughter sits at the table with us and her food while we eat ours. After dinner, the chairs are pushed in and you'd never know there was a high chair at the table. When we go out to eat, the chair comes with us and it is so much better than the restaurant high chairs. Our daughter is small and trying to get her up to the table in the restaurant high chairs is challenging and frequently awkward for her to try and eat. This buckles onto most chairs and makes meal time more familiar for her. It's easy to carry and the straps are easy to work, which is important for being able to take it places. My in laws have a different brand and the straps are impossible to adjust. Definitely recommend to anyone wanting an easy, functional seat.

Review #: 221
Date: 11 14, 2005
My mom got this to have at her house when my son starting eating solid foods, probably around 5 or 6 months. It was a good fit then and still is even though he's almost 2. He loves carefully placing his cup in the contoured tray. We used the bottom tray when he was smaller and liked to smear his food. Now we're using the contoured tray, but soon he'll just be in the seat pulled up to the table. It's great and has long term use.

Review #: 222
Date: 06 17, 2005
I think this is a great seat.  It's all plastic so easy to clean, two trays, one removeable to put in dishwasher and a cover to keep them both clean.  Plenty of straps and I like that the legs can be raised or lowered.My only personal issue, not related to the design of the seat or to the intention/instruction of use, is that we use this seat in restaurant booths where there is no way to strap the seat down.  Now, I sit next to him and have my hand on him and the seat at all times, but I do notice that it can tip forward if he leans forward.  So, if anyone does this, just a caution to be sure not to leave the baby alone in it if you can't strap it down.

Review #: 223
Date: 12 6, 2012
This booster is solid, built nicely and does what its suppose to be but it is not travel friendly. Its a bit on the heavy and bulky side. Especially when you are taking your baby out, parents, from experience have lots to pack when going out and i dont think people want to carry something that adds bulk and weight while on the go. Other than that i recommend this chair for home use.

Review #: 224
Date: 01 18, 2012
Easy to use, clean, take along, adjust.  We love this chair.  Now our little man can sit at the table comfortably (we got this when he was 16 mos old).  The leg adjustments allow him to be at the right height.  And after meals, it's much easier to clean than his old high chair.  He doesn't use the trays very much, except when he's coloring, but they would have been nicer and fit more easily into our dish rack then his high chair trays.  I wish I had gotten this a lot sooner.

Review #: 225
Date: 06 30, 2014
I bought this chair in January 2014 and have been using it everyday ever since.  My daughter is 10 months old now and the chair hasn't fallen apart or broken off.  My husband and I love the fact that this comes with its own removable feeding tray.  Easy to wash.  My older daughter, who is 7 years old now, had the blue/green one.  She still could fit it at 2 - 3 years old but gave it away to a relative who needed a few years ago.  Really love this seat.  I am short on space so I needed something really compact and this chair fit the bill.

Review #: 226
Date: 02 21, 2012
We were using a high chair for some time, but when our toddler graduated to a booster seat we put our high chair in storage.  We do not use the tray attachment, but rather pull him up to the dining table with us.  Perfect for meal time or activity time, he loves it so much he even points to it to let us know its time to climb on in. Attaches to the chair in seconds with two simple snaps for the chair seat and chair back, makes removal for cleaning a snap.  The only draw back is that it has a non-slip butt portion which can be hard to clean.

Review #: 227
Date: 12 16, 2005
this was truly one of my most valued purchases. My son is at my mom's house 2 days a week, so we wanted a small high chair for him to have there. This booster seat is perfect. It is made of study plastic, which makes for very easy clean up.  There are no little crevices (like in my regular size high chair) where food can get caught.  the tray snaps on easily.  There are several adjustment sizes so the chair will grow with baby.  The whole seat has 2 straps to attach to a chair - one to hook underneath the seat and one to hook behind the seat.  The seat is very easy to attach and remove for storage and cleaning.The tray pops into the dishwasher nicely too!I will say that the green tray cover and the white tray insert do not stay securely onto the tray.  My son was very quick to pull the white tray insert out.  And if there had been food on it, it would be all over the floor.  So, we just got rid of those 2 pieces. The rest of the seat works perfectly.I actually like this seat better than my full sized high chair (Eddie Bauer) that I have at home.  It cleans easier, is easeir to store/ doesn't take up so much space, and adjusts to a better fit to my baby.  Had I known, I would have purchased this seat to use in my home as well.

Review #: 228
Date: 04 23, 2014
I love this chair because we can just attach it to one of our dining room chairs, without the need for another chair that only the baby can use.  My little guy isn't fat, but I found that we've had to use the outermost setting for his table in order for him to comfortably sit in the chair without it pressing on his stomach.I think his favorite parts of the chair are the adjustment straps.  He always finds them and tries to chew on them.

Review #: 229
Date: 01 4, 2014
We bought one of these for a road trip we were going on. It did what we wanted plus more. We will be retiring her other high chair to use this one. Our only wish is for a better locking system on the tray. My 9 month old had no issue taking the tray off and throwing in on the ground. Other than that, I love that it grows with her and can help bring her closer to the table.

Review #: 230
Date: 12 27, 2012
attaches securely to chair but is easy to remove to clean or take to someone's house or restaurant. our daughter fits great in it.

Review #: 231
Date: 04 25, 2014
We got this for grandma's house. It's a great price for a booster that can attach to a chair and has a tray. Easy to install/connect to a basic dining chair. We have it on the lowest setting of three, and like that it's customizable to table height. We've only used the bottom blue tray, but the white one looks good for an older baby. My concern before buying was whether my baby with chunky thighs would fit, but that wasn't an issue. I would give 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that one of the back straps came out of the slot really easily as I was putting my baby in it. I wouldn't ever leave him unattended - as the directions state - but if it can come out that easily I'd also recommend keeping a really close eye on - and hand near - baby at all times.

Review #: 232
Date: 05 9, 2013
I originally had this sent to my parents' house to keep and use there. It's really easy to set up, the two tray covers are dishwasher safe, it's generally easy to clean, and it folds down pretty small. But, it was so great that I ended up throwing it in my suitcase and bringing it home so that I could have it when we traveled elsewhere! Also - for the price??? How can you beat that?The one reason that I docked a star is that I wouldn't want to use it as our main highchair - there isn't a &#34;crotch bar&#34; (I'm pretty sure that's *not* the technical term) attached to the base of the seat, it's just kind of molded up, so it wouldn't help at all if your child was lunging around before you could get him/her buckled in. Which brings me to my next note - it isn't a 5-point harness. For us, for a few weeks a year, these things aren't a huge deal, especially for just a few weeks a year. But, for any poor soul who has given life to a houdini, this might not be the seat for you.

Review #: 233
Date: 07 16, 2006
This is really the perfect high chair. We love it. It straps on to an adult chair--we have too many adult chairs already, so not having to add Yet Another Large Baby Object was such a plus--we ended up getting rid of the full sized chair at my mom's house and replacing it with this! Better yet, the straps are well attached, so they don't fall out (like safety first's did) so it's always easy to attach it and detach it properly, every time, without fail.It is exceedingly portable. It takes about a minute to fold it down and pack it up for travel, and when clipped properly, it can be slung over a shoulder and packed hands-free. Yay! Between this, a good mei tai baby carrier and the Kidco Peapod Travel bed, I can carry my child, a diaper bag, her bed and her high chair and STILL have two free hands. Makes loading and unloading from a trip ultra fast. Unpacking it is just as easy, and they did the brilliant extra touch of a lid to keep the high chair tray clean on the go. Take it out of the dishwasher, snap on the lid, fold up everything and toss it in the back of the minivan, and you still have a shmutz-free surface for baby to eat off of!Cleaning is possibly the place this shines the most. We tend to use it once with the extra feeder tray snapped on, wipe everything down, feed another meal without the extra tray, and then unclip the whole business, take it over to the sink and hose it down. All the tray parts get washed in the dishwasher and there are NO CRANNIES on the seat for food to lodge in. Very easy cleanup.The tray snaps on easily and snaps off, but the baby can't do it without our help. Perfect. The seatbelt can only be used "correctly", unlike other seats where you have to thread the crotch strap, this one requires that the crotch strap be used every time and it is very adjustable, so we get a snug fit each and every time. And if she eats so much that her little tummy pushes up against the tray? We just shift the tray out a notch and she's comfy. With a small baby who needs to grow, we especially like this feature.The smaller tray is actually a plus for motor skills--our baby can, unlike with her big graco high chair, reach every point on the tray with her hands, so she isn't constantly frustrated by pushing food just out of reach.Anyway, I love this so much I'm buying a second one for my house so we don't have to deal with our Safety First chair anymore. I'm tempted to get two, we like them so much! That way I can have one for the house, one for the car, and one for Mom's house, because while the seat folds and transports easily, I'm perfectly capable of forgetting to fold it and transport it!Oh, and unlike the Safety First seat we used, this one boosts up and down quickly, easily, and logically. I still haven't figured that out on the other one, and now that I'm buying a second one, I won't have to!ETA: We now have three of these, one for my sister's tiny little girl (13 pounds at 7 months old) at our house and at my mother's house, and one for my 35 pound 4 year old, who STILL fits. Tray goes in dishwasher, if the base gets disgusting we can wash it easily. We rarely use the feeder tray anymore, the base and blue tray are just fine and clean easily enough.ETA#2: Have owned these now for what, 8 years, with three different children. My youngest is two now, and 30 pounds and still fits. They're still in fine shape.

Review #: 234
Date: 06 27, 2011
Purchased for my nephew in 2009.  The booster seat was easy to carry along with to restaurants during family outings.  Used at home, you could change the tray easily by adding the different covers to the main tray.  No longer used since my nephew grew out of it, but useful when originally purchased.

Review #: 235
Date: 05 4, 2011
I've known many people who've worked at restaurants and if you ask any of them how often they clean a restaurant high chair or booster seat, it's NEVER! This booster chair is so portable and handy on top of being safe and secure that it's a MUST buy. All of my nephews have one and use it (that's how I knew to get one) and now I have one for my baby. Plus it's so cheap!

Review #: 236
Date: 02 1, 2012
I bought this booster seat for when my grandson comes to visit and I could not be happier with this seat.  It's easy to adjust, easy to clean up, the food trays are just the right size for a toddler and it's easy to store.  The construction is solid but not heavy and you can use it in different ways.  The first time I used it was at dinner and the seat scooted right up to the table.  At breakfast, I used the tray and it was not too far back from the table and feeding him was easy.  I can't say enough good things about this seat and my son and his wife liked the chair so much that I gave them mine and I will be ordering another one for myself!

Review #: 237
Date: 01 15, 2014
We have a small place and I didn't want a stand alone high chair, so this is all we have.  We got it when my son was just 6 months and JUST starting to eat.  My son is now 2 and half and we are still using it, just without the tray.  I love that it can raise and lower to 3 different heights.  I love how easy the tray is to get on and off, but not easy enough that my son can do it.  I love that it has 2 straps holding it to the chair--under and around the back. It is easy to clean, not a lot of little nooks and cranny's for food to get stuck in.  It folds up and clothes relatively small (others are smaller, but you get less b/c they are smaller) for carrying around. You can use one of the straps for holding it to a chair as a carrying strap.Con: You'll see in other reviews that people don't like the removable tray (middle piece in the picture) because your child can pull it up and dump the food.  This is true, but once my son figured out he could do that I just stopped using it.  It was nice to be able to just pop the middle piece in the dishwasher, and if I was too busy to get it clean I had a back up in the main tray to use the next feeding.  I am not sure the purpose of the lid.  Perhaps others find it useful. This isn't really a con, more of an observation.

Review #: 238
Date: 12 29, 2010
We purchased this booster seat based on a recommendation from our friend.  We are so glad we listened to her.  It's very well put together and was very well thought through.  I love how everything connects so easily for storage.  We keep it in the back of our trunk so that it's with us whenever we need it.  It works like a charm.  My son is comfortable in it.  It's very easy to clean up too.  Would highly recommend this to anyone.

Review #: 239
Date: 01 7, 2014
I LOVE this for my almost 7 month old daughter!  Thank God I didn't buy a similar booster product at WalMart for more than double the price!Pros:1. The whole thing is hard plastic.  It's ridiculously easy to clean.2. There is a piece on the tray that snaps off and goes right in the dishwasher.  Easy!3. The whole thing is very portable.  We take this to restaurants everywhere.  We have one of those chairs that clips onto the table and this is by FAR a superior product in every way.4. Has 3 height adjustments so this seat will last from first solid (providing you're starting at the recommended 6 months.  Probably not good for a 4 month old.) until your child is ready to sit without a booster.Cons:1. The only thing I would change is that the straps to secure baby in are a little scary until you put the tray on.  I'd really like the waist tethers to be anchored to the back of the seat instead of the bottom.

Review #: 240
Date: 12 12, 2013
we use this every day at the kitchen table.  very easy to wipe clean.  I think of the various chairs I've seen this one is the best for every day use because it wipes clean so easily.  I don't think they really need the padded style.  One thing that was a slight issue when she was little was that she seemed to have difficulty drinking her bottle because she had to tip her head back.  This chair makes it a little difficult to tip the head back when they're really little and short.

Review #: 241
Date: 05 7, 2014
This is a great high chair! At first we wanted to get a modern wood chair that wouldn't look like some icky plastic crap at the table, but a friend told me to get this one. I didn't think it looked that bad, so we got it. I'm so glad we did!First, it sits securely on one of your regular chairs, so it doesn't take up additional floor space. You need to wipe off your chair from time to time because stuff will get on it, but the plusses are that you don't have an additional chair around the table, and it's less obtrusive. I guess if you have such a large family that you need every chair, that's a minus, but that was not our situation. I probably would not use this on a chair that had fabric padding, or I'd put down a towel before latching it on.Second, it's portable and folds down and you can use the strap as a handle, so if you need to travel locally, you can just fold it down and throw it in the car. It's light. I probably wouldn't take it to a restaurant, but I guess you could.Third, the trays are dishwasher safe, and the cover is nice if you prepare a whole meal and the kid doesn't eat it. You can just put the cover on, refrigerate, and serve it in a few hours.Fourth, it has 3 settings for height, and 3 for how tight the tray is, so I can see it lasting for a long time (we've been using since 5 months and she's now a year and still totally fits.)Finally, the whole thing is plastic except the straps so you can just wipe it down. I can't even imagine having fabric padding on a high chair now that we've had this. Meal time is messy. Get the plastic chair!

Review #: 242
Date: 07 17, 2008
UPDATE 5/16/2011Of the many baby items we received after our son was born, very few have survived past the "baby phase".  Many items were given away, donated, or just didn't last.  The Fisher-Price Booster seat is not one of these items.  We still have this booster seat, and instead of lugging it around to all the restaurants now, we are using it at home as a booster seat for our second child.  I'm beginning to wonder why anyone would buy a highchair instead of getting this booster seat - once your kid is old enough to sit up by him/her self, you don't need the huge back, the separate tray, and the like.  We use this booster with a chair, and can push our kids directly up to the table to eat with us.  Because the height is adjustable, it fits almost any table height.I can see us using this booster for another few years - it's durable, easy to clean in the tub (or you can soap it up then spray it off in the backyard), and works with most chairs.  Highly HIGHLY recommended.  We get one of these for all of our friends' baby showers now!----------------------------------------------------I've brought my 7 month old baby to a lot of restaurants, and it always seems that the booster seats/highchairs that they provide are not safe enough for him to sit in.  There's always too much space behind him, the straps don't always close, and the seats don't always look clean.  I received this booster seat as a gift, and it's great!  Not only does he fit in it securely, but he always has a clean eating and play area.  Because I like to carry a small pair of scissors to cut up his food, I can leave the scissors in the tray with the lid on, and not have to worry about losing it!This Booster seat is great - I can't recommend it enough!

Review #: 243
Date: 07 11, 2013
It is a really great chair for a toddler.  It is super safe even with a wiggly toddler. Love it!

Review #: 244
Date: 09 6, 2011
Fantastic little booster seat.  It's the only one we own.  Perfect for our small home where a traditional stand alone sort of high chair just won't fit around our table (I use it on an IKEA Stefan chair).  My little one has been using it for the past couple of months, starting at about 7 months of age.  Easy to adjust straps and simple to snap on to any chair.  We've carried and used it on long trips to grandma's, at various restaurants and it has worked perfectly each time.I've never used the removable tray and lid.  No need to-- the snap-on tray washes easily.  After a few very messy eating sessions I've taken the whole chair into the tub for a wash down... so easy!I highly recommend this seat.  It's made of a sturdy plastic that looks like it's going to hold up for a very long time to come.  It's way more useful AND economical then any stand alone high chair.

Review #: 245
Date: 03 8, 2014
We bought two of these for our infant twins, based off of all the positive reviews.  We love them.  They're perfect.  Can be easily thrown into the sink or dishwasher.  Even the straps can come out easily to be washed.  They're light and we'd be able to cart them around easily if needed.  I don't understand why someone would buy a more cumbersome, expensive highchair?!?

Review #: 246
Date: 10 23, 2013
This chair / booster is fantastic! We originally bought the Baby Bjorn chair and we are very happy with it, but this one costs 10 times less than the Bjorn and works just as well, with all the parts washable and the trays easily removable and washable. It's easy to secure, comfortable and grows with the child.

Review #: 247
Date: 12 23, 2011
we have been highly satisfied with this booster seat for our son. it straps onto our regular dining room chairs so he eats like one of the family without having an extra and unsightly high chair taking up room. when he's not eating and i need another chair for a guest, it easily detaches. we have traveled with it and it fit great inside our suitcase.  we dont use the white feeding tray bc it can be easily pulled off by our son (toddlers have strong grips!) but it works just great without it! :)

Review #: 248
Date: 12 8, 2013
Love this. Low profile enough to easily slide under our table, convenient fold and go feature, cleans easily. Baby likes that he can actually sit at the table next to me while I study or eat, not just in a high chair next to the table. If I want to use it like a traditional high-chair I still can though. Just snap on the tray and use it on its own.

Review #: 249
Date: 04 7, 2014
We bought this after using a garage sale high chair for several months that had too much of a recline to it.  We love this chair.  Easy to set up, crazy easy to clean.  I love the top tray because I can just pop it off after a meal and clean it or put it in the dish washer.  Our 14 month old is very comfortable in it and enjoys eating in it.  Great buy!

Review #: 250
Date: 07 24, 2013
We have the good fortune of taking our 8 month old daughter to work with us at our family owned business. The first one of these we bought was the blue/green version. We liked it so much we came back and bought a second chair for home. Cleanup is super easy. The only bad thing is that my daughter has already figured out how to remove the top tray. No big deal, we just take that off and feed her in the bottom tray attached to the seat. It also seems that she will have plenty of room to grow in this seat.Great chair and Great price!

Review #: 251
Date: 07 10, 2005
I bought this when my baby was just starting to eat rice cereal.  She was tiny and couldn't sit up without help so the fact that this was a small booster was perfect.  At first we used this as our only highchair at home.  We also take it with us to restaurants.  We put it right on the table so the baby's at eye level and she entertains herself with toys or finger foods so that my husband and I can eat for a change!  It's easy to clean and the dishwasher-safe tray is wonderful.The only reason I'm planning to get a full sized high chair is because she's now starting to feed herself more and since the tray doesn't wrap around the sides, I end up with a huge mess on the floor afterwards.  But this was totally worth the $20 I spent on it!

Review #: 252
Date: 05 27, 2008
We love this booster seat.  I got it when my son was 6 months old and we are still using it for him at 16 months of age.  It folds up very nicely and one of the straps to hold it onto the chair doubles as a shoulder strap for carrying.  It is very easy to clean and having a cover for the tray is nice so that the tray doesn't get dirty when you travel with it.It has a very nice restraint system.  It is easy to remove the tray completely to use it as solely a booster seat.  It's very durable and has withstood a lot of abuse over time.I've used this seat everywhere with my son: restaurants, over at friends' houses, as a spare seat when we have lots of babies over at our house, and it even fits nicely on a those folding captain's chairs while we are out camping.  It is just a really awesome product and I am so glad I bought it!In summary:Pros -- easy to clean- folds up nice and is easy to carry via shoulder strap- easy to set up- very adjustable- can be used as a booster seat without the tray- fits every chair we've ever tried it on- Has a nice tray cover- Has a removable tray insert for easy washing- The raised edge allows toys to be clipped on the edge if they have on of those plastic link rings on themCons-- There haven't been any for us!

Review #: 253
Date: 12 19, 2011
I absolutely love this booster seat!  It fits securely to my kitchen chair, it is very easy to remove the tray in order to place the child in the seat, and the plastic makes clean up a breeze.  It folds into a traveling seat which worked wonderfully when we were moving.  The only thing I don't like about it is that it is very VERY easy to remove the white and clear tray.  The problem is my son will take them off of the booster seat and play with them (stand on them, throw them around, whatever comes to mind).  From this, I can definitely say they are indestructible (by the hands of a toddler) but I wish he couldn't remove it so easily.

Review #: 254
Date: 01 22, 2004
We love this seat, It is compact enough to take to restaurants or anywhere you may need it. Our daughter just loves sitting in it. The tray is really nice and the cover is a great option. I would definately reccommend this seat.

Review #: 255
Date: 01 16, 2011
This booster seat is awesome! Going out is a cinch - the best part is it stays adjusted to your child and you don't have to worry about them touching a dirty high chair or table. Plus you can adjust the height so it makes feeding comfortable. I bought one for my in-laws house and one to have in my car so we're always ready - I've used it on a number of chairs and it's fit perfectly every time! Great investment and I'd definitely say it's one of my favorite baby gear items!

Review #: 256
Date: 12 14, 2013
We really don't have a lot of room for more furniture, so after agonizing over the $100 FP high chair and the $200 Boon, I decided to give this little $23 booster seat a try. What the heck, right? If it doesn't work out, it goes to grandpa's and I break down and get the big chair. So far it's been great. Our son loves sitting in it and playing with his toys, either on the floor or on a chair while we eat, and it packs up so we can easily take it to friends' houses.  Sorry, but you can't do that with a Boon.I find snapping the tray on mildly annoying, because you have to line it up and it's hard to see where to snap it when you're looking from above, but that's my only complaint. The straps are plenty long to secure it to any dining chair and it's easy to clean.  Our son is 8 months and big (21 lbs, 30&#34;) and he fits in it just fine with the tray snapped on the closest setting, so we know there's room for growth.

Review #: 257
Date: 02 5, 2014
My grandson, 14 months, uses this chair daily. He is comfortable and safe in it. The cleanup is a breeze. The only problem we have had is that he learned within a week to lift the white insert out and watch the food fly everywhere. Now we only use the blue tray for feeding. Hopefully as he ages, this will cease to be a game and we can use the insert again. I especially like the idea of the of the lid to keep it clean or packed with snacks on a trip so it is restaurant ready.

Review #: 258
Date: 10 2, 2011
We got this a couple of months ago, over my husband's doubts, because 1) I wanted the high chair to take up a chair's worth of space and 2) we have a kiddo who likes to eat and a lot of high chairs don't support up to 50 lbs. Last night we had dinner at our friends' house, and how EASY was it to pack up, one strap holds everything together, one strap acts as a shoulder strap. Grab the food bag and off we went. He had dinner with the rest of us, played with his toy on the clean lower tray when he finished eating, and a grand time was had by all. So so so easy. :) After last night, my husband was completely 100% sold on the booster seat and loves it. :)

Review #: 259
Date: 03 14, 2004
I researched so many items for when baby started to eat and decided we were going for a "portable" option AND one that would allow us to use a chair in our dinette set instead of a high chair (we have a small dining area!).  This product is has straps that secure it under & behind (across the back) of a chair.  The straps adjust to fit even a very large chair and then to undo (for travel) you just unclip the snap-in buckle.  Readjustment if needed for another chair is so easy.  I also love the removable abd WASHABLE tray for food, additionally the tray has a cover - like tupperware - if you need to store it in the refer. for use at another meal.  The '3rd' or bottom tray is easy to clean, removable also.  It all packs up easily to go to Grandparent's house & has a shoulder strap to carry it around.  All-plastic parts for easy cleaning!Update at 7mos (July 04) - this has been a GREAT buy.  So much easier than a high chair & so inexpensive.  Still using handtowels to keep him from leaning over sides too far - but is used 3x/day for feeding & is great.  Even an ugly bout of throw-up can be cleaned from this durable device.  Also fantastic for travel to Gma & Gpa's!  Started using regularly around 5 mos & will last a while I'm sure!Update at 1 yr: still use occasionally, but found a full-size folding high-char that we love.  Also the full-size high chair is ok now that he is bigger and more 'mobile'.  Contains him a bit better.  Still, the booster seat is great for travel to relatives!Update at 2.5 yrs: STILL using it!  And it's been great with baby #2 also!  Easy to take to restaurants or to relatives.  Easy to clean (I just put it in the ub & spray it all off & let it dry there too).

Review #: 260
Date: 01 18, 2012
Love this high chair!Pros:- Love the 3 layer tray.  The lid can cover the tray for easy storage of uneaten food.  It also has a drink holder.  It makes it easier for serving as well, since all I have to do is put over the main tray.- Great price (half the price of other booster high chairs)- Looks great in the chair and not out of place like a lot of high chairs. I love that it's nice neutral colors and not super bright kid colors.  I mean, it does sit in my kitchen, not the play room after all.Cons:- not good for babies who can't sit up well on there own (not a problem for my 7 month old).- It's kind of hard to snap the tray on and off.  Not a big deal, but just a slight hassle some times.

Review #: 261
Date: 04 2, 2014
Very reasonable in price and I have got two now, for two homes.It is relatively safe and easy to carry around.

Review #: 262
Date: 02 15, 2010
THE BEST. totally washable/wipeable. adjusts to any chair. easy to take to restaurants, babysitters', grandmas', picnics, etc. I've started giving this at baby showers because it is THAT awesome & useful.PS I've seen it at target & walmart in a nice cream/tan/maroon color scheme this year.

Review #: 263
Date: 02 22, 2013
This high chair is great. We bought a similar chair by Safety 1st initially because that was what was sold at our local store, but the quality was not good and it was near impossible to get the tray on and off. I decided to order this one on Amazon since the reviews were good and what an improvement!The tray comes on and off easily on this one which is nice. I like that it has a removeable dishwasher safe tray and you can still use the tray underneath while you are washing the top. Sometimes we just use it without the tray as a booster seat. It is perfectly secure on the chair, no problem there. It has a 3-point harness which I also like since our other large high chair has a 5 pt harness, but I never use it because it forces her to be more reclined (Even in the full upright position) and she likes to sit forward.I definitely would get the Deluxe version - the height adjustment is easy and without the adjustment it would be way too low to use right up to the table, but on the highest setting it is perfect! This Brown/Tan color is very nice and neutral, would blend in with any decor.Can't think of anything negative about this one.

Review #: 264
Date: 03 18, 2005
My mother-in-law keeps offering to buy me a high chair, and I tell her the honest truth:  I am thrilled with this little booster seat, and I have no desire to bring a big traditional high chair into our small dining room.  I keep telling people that this chair is one of the few things I did right the first time.  It is unobtrusive and portable, it grows with the child, and -- contrary to what grandma thinks -- it seems to be perfectly comfortable for my child.  We have been using it since my son was four months old.  He is now 14 months, and it is still perfect.  The tray is just the right height.  He can reach his food better in this little chair than he can in the fancy high chair that grandma has at her house.  My son has always been a big, chubby baby, but we still use the tray on the middle of the three settings, so I'm not worried that he will feel constricted as he grows bigger.  The chair is easy to clean, and it looks cute attached to one of our dining chairs.  It is a breeze to take down and set up -- we take it everywhere.  I cannot imagine why anyone would choose a full-size high chair over this little gem!

Review #: 265
Date: 07 1, 2013
This seat is awesome. I use it at home, use it at other people's homes, and when we are out to eat.  So easy to use and clean.  I recommend it to everyone.  Now the big bulky high chair is just sitting in the corner.

Review #: 266
Date: 07 4, 2010
we did not buy a traditional high chair, one because this one received so many great reviews, two, because i didn't want another item at the dinner table taking up too much space, and lastly, because i wanted something EASY to clean and many high chairs have the seats that you have to take off and throw in the laundry. This booster is perfect - just like everyone else seems to think. as soon as my girl could sit up, we put her in this at the dinner table and it's been great ever since. wipes up easily on the sides where her food-dirtied hands touch, and the other peices clip right off and fit into our dish washer - easy breezy! love this and highly recommend.

Review #: 267
Date: 01 7, 2014
Works great and saves us the space that our high chair used to take up.  Much easier to clean than a high chair as well.

Review #: 268
Date: 05 9, 2014
I used to have a nice Peg Perego high chair for my son. It took up so much space and was so hard to clean that it was a relief to move my son to the table in this booster and pass the PP on to a friend.I've only used the tray once or twice, as my son was bigger when I got this (over 1 yr). But it put him at the perfect height to eat at the table with me every night. Just the tradition I wanted to start early. It straps easily onto a chair and doesn't move. Even when he climbs up on it himself, I never have to worry about tipping.Unlike the high chair, food doesn't have anywhere to go and hide. It wipes down quickly and if you're on the go, it folds up.There's nothing I'd change -- except that I'd buy it sooner and skip the full-sized high chair.

Review #: 269
Date: 08 8, 2013
This is nice and compact and easy to clean. Highly recommend this for someone living in a small apartment because it just goes on any chair you already have.

Review #: 270
Date: 12 15, 2011
this is the perfect little seat.  very compact and portable.  clips onto chairs with two easy clicks.  it slides right under the table like the rest of the chairs if the tray is removed.  my only small complaint is the white tray comes off so easily, my daughter takes it off when she's done eating and throws it on the floor.  i've stopped using it altogether until she gets a little older.  i just put her food on the blue part so there's no mess on the floor to clean up when she's done!  there are a few scratches left on the white part from cutting her food on it so i would advise against that.  but all in all this was a great purchase and i highly recommend it!  it's so much easier to clean than the high chair.  just a quick rinse off and wipe down when she's done and we're good to go.  even took it with us today to get her hair cut.  it was a perfect booster and so easy to grab it and go.

Review #: 271
Date: 04 25, 2013
For us it was a perfect choice. I like the color, very easy too clean. Not too big, not heavy, easy to carry, we bring it to everywhere. I like to use it in the restaurant, in the park, when we go to visit friends for lunch or dinner. When we have guest who has smaller child, it is very useful too. It is a clever &#34;mommy helper&#34; little thing. :)

Review #: 272
Date: 12 6, 2013
This product is very easy to put together and my little man loves his new big boy chair. It is very easy to clean and I have already taken it along with me to grandma's house!My one complaint is the little dinner tray that attaches to the main tray. I attached it and put my little one's food and drink down. Turned around and he took the tray right off and dumped his food everywhere. It only latches on one side (at least mine does, not sure if this is a defect) and my son is able to pull the tray right off. This might be okay for bigger children, but not for my 13 month old. So, as of now, I don't even use this tray even if I wish I could.

Review #: 273
Date: 01 12, 2005
When I bought this booster seat, I also bought one for my parents' house.  They were all set to waste money on a highchair...until they saw this seat!  It takes up no extra room, since it attaches right to a regular kitchen/dining room chair.  Cleaning is a snap...just wipe it clean; there's no cushion or fabric to get stained.  It folds easily and compactly, which makes it perfect for my parents to throw in a closet until the next time we visit.  We take ours to restaurants all the time, instead of using a restaurant seat that hundreds of other kids have used.  I love the carrying strap and can tell my son will be using this for years to come.

Review #: 274
Date: 08 20, 2010
Our apartment is very small, and the thought of spending money on a bulky high chair got me looking into booster seats. I absolutely love this one!!! And I'm thrilled I didn't go for the high chair cause this is even better cause you can put it anywhere and take it everywhere with you! Plus it's a total space saver and you can't beat the price! $30 vs. $150!

Review #: 275
Date: 12 13, 2011
I bought this for my second daughter who was 15 months old at the time.  She is now 2.5 and still using this seat. This is so much better then what we were using prior to this which was one of those high chairs/boosters that hook onto the table. I wish I would have found this when my first daughter was a baby. This booster is so easy to clean.  My husband is notorious for not wiping off the booster after feeding our daughter and I can come along the next day and wipe the dried on food right off this seat. Even crayon has come off easily (with a magic eraser.)  I love how my daughter can be right up at the table with us. I also love the adjustable height on this and it secured to our kitchen chair very well.  All the straps are easy to adjust as well.

Review #: 276
Date: 04 24, 2006
I got this one for my ds(kid #2). He is 21lbs and 31 inches and fits into JUST FINE. In fact, we use this on a daily basis and totally got rid of the highchair. He can not get the tray off at all. Maybe people were talking about the removable one. We don't use that part or the "cover" as the tray is so easy to clean. People complain of the back coming off. Well, IT'S SUPPOSED TO. When your child gets too big, you take it off and use"backless" like those plastic ones at restuarants. The straps attach so easily. The legs adjust easier too. I like it better than my dd's who has the safety 1st one. She fits in his too as she is ALWAYS sitting in his and putting the tray on only to lock herself into it. I have used for both in restuarnts. My 2 year old uses it when we go to places w/o booths as I don't trust the ones that don't strap down on regular chairs. I love this seat and would recommend it to everyone. May even buy it for a friend's shower

Review #: 277
Date: 02 17, 2009
This is a great booster seat that my infant will use into toddlerhood. She needed a rolled-up blanket to keep from slipping to the side when she first started using the chair at 4 and a half months old. There is definitely room to grow. The chair is easy to clean, attractive and stores away quickly. Sitting on a relatively low chair or couch is better for feeding the baby, but this is a small tradeoff. We take off the separate feeding tray and attach toys to the base tray. My daughter doesn't mind hanging out before and after meals. Perfect solution for a small apartment instead of buying a high chair and booster seat later.

Review #: 278
Date: 03 19, 2014
I bought this seat for my daughter, who is two years old. I always struggled to get her into her high chair. She's kind of wild, and a free spirit, hates strollers and anything that is too confining...anyway, we had the high chair, and a really nice one, too...but it was taking up valuable real estate in my house, which is quite small.  I felt this might be a better option and I'm so glad I bought it. The height is adjustable, which is great because my table has a wide lip. The seat fits perfectly, and I can even tuck the chair in under the table when she's not sitting in it. I don't use the tray, I bought is as a booster sit so she can sit at the table with us, and she loves it. No more wrestling to get her into the high chair. I give it two thumbs up. I recommend this to anyone who has limited floor space, or a child who doesn't like to feel confined.

Review #: 279
Date: 04 7, 2014
We bought this for our daughter right after she turned 2.  It has worked out great for us.  She loves feeling more like a big kid in this booster.  It's easy to clean and use.  Our daughter can use this and still slide close to the table to eat or do crafts. The adjustable height is wonderful.

Review #: 280
Date: 01 1, 2013
Can't say enough good about this product - best thing I ever bought!  Easy to take to relatives or a restaurant.

Review #: 281
Date: 05 19, 2007
I don't have a whole lot to say about this booster, but wanted to note to other buyers that there is a potential tipping hazard with the seat.We visited with friends for lunch one day and they pulled out this booster and attached it to a folding chair and brought it to the dining room table for us to use.  I sat next to my 10 month old daughter the whole time but simply did not react fast enough when she leaned forward and tipped the entire apparatus (the high chair and the adult folding chair) forward.  Since the chair was facing the dining table, she ended up busting her lip right on the edge of the glass table.  The booster with tray can be quite front heavy, so please be sure you only attach it to a very sturdy and preferably wide chair.  And insist on it if you're visiting others (we are often too polite for our own good).  My daughter is not a very active or bouncy baby, but she managed to tip it over while leaning forward.  There aren't warnings to this effect on the booster seat, but I wanted to make the issue known to other parents to whom it may not have occurred.

Review #: 282
Date: 04 4, 2014
Love this. Debated getting a real highchair, but am so glad I did not. This is so easy to clean and I attach it right to our counter height kitchen chairs. I can remove it if needed and it bundles right up for easy storage.

Review #: 283
Date: 12 28, 2012
I purchased this when my older daughter turned one. I was tired of dragging around the giant free-standing high chair I just HAD to have when I was registering. This little thing is awesome. Here's why:* portable- I have actually taken this to restaurants, relatives homes, the park and the beach. It folds down and you can use the safety straps like a carry strap. Love it.* easy to clean- it's plastic. The tray drops in the dishwasher and the seat gets hosed off right in the sink. Love that! You will too if you have a kid like mine who can smear sticky substances with the best of 'em!* snap on tray- when I'm at the table with her she uses this as a booster. If we use it freestanding I snap on the tray. There's enough room to let her sit and color as well. Did I say I love it yet?* adjustable height- has 3 levels so you can get a good fit for the table you're using. Yes- I love it. I love it a lot!* durable- we have used this thing A LOT over the last year and a half and it practically looks new still. LOVE!I have a 6 mo that is just beginning solid food. I have decided to chuck the behemoth that cost 4x as much and am buying another of these. MUST. HAVE.

Review #: 284
Date: 12 11, 2012
this is a great chair for my daughter-i was going to buy this as well as a proper high chair but after having this we returned our expensive high chair. she uses this for all meals and can easily travel with it

Review #: 285
Date: 01 14, 2013
After getting tired of cleaning our fabric covered full size high chair, I opted to order one of these.  I had reservations, afraid my 1 year old would topple over and not be secure enough but it's great.  It attaches securely to our dining room chairs and is SUPER easy to clean..you can throw the whole thing in the sink and wipe it/spray it.  I love that it's portable and we can takeit on vacation, to restaurants, and weddings/showers/birthdays, etc. where there may not be enough high chairs.  I'm super pleased with the purchase and wish I would have made the switch sooner.

Review #: 286
Date: 07 4, 2013
We got this chair to replace the clamp on Chicco that we had (which we also loved) because my son started to try to climb out of it and the safety strapping was insufficient in that regard. This chair is convenient, portable, easy to care for/clean and keeps my son safely seated. The adjustable height is very nice too.We have been using it for several months and I have little to complain about. The one thing that I would say could use a slight improvement is that the second snap-in tray with the lid - while very nice - has a limited life (at least for our family) as my son soon figured out how to detach it and would tilt it up and the whole tray of food would slide onto the floor leaving a big mess. I just stopped using the second tray after that and now just use the brownish colored one. We take this to restaurants and it works really well (so much better than the restaurant provided high chairs) because he is in his own chair, safely secured and a safe distance from tablecloths, flatware, glasses, etc, while still being included and comfortable. He can be messy on the tray and I don't have to worry about it. I just use a couple baby wipes (or more, depending on the magnitude of the mess :)) to get any leftover mush off before packing up to leave.I also have the slightly lower-end model (Fisher-Price Healthy Care Booster Seat, Green/Blue) that I bought to have at my parents' house for visits and it is just as nice but does not have the adjustable height or second tray; both pack down to be about the same size. As this one was only a few dollars more, I would say it is worth it to have the added features.

Review #: 287
Date: 07 28, 2011
Super easy to wash.  It was indispensable when we were traveling the county when my son was first born.  Great for home, restaurants, play dates.

Review #: 288
Date: 06 5, 2012
I love this booster seat i actually purchased 2 of them one for myself to always keep in my car for family visits and one for at my kids grandmothers. I like the fact it is easy to clean with the smooth surfaces and snap off trays. It has height adjustments and takes little to no space. It works well to secure the child in to the seat to a normal kitchen chair you will find in most homes. I highly recomend it and use this as my go to baby shower gift also.

Review #: 289
Date: 03 1, 2013
We use this when we are visiting family, friends, and going out to eat.  Always nice to know you have a clean place so sit your child in for meals or activities.  The booster feature is great too for dining at the table with grown ups.  We also really like that the tray has a cover so you can stick a spoon, flat plate, etc. over the tray and not worry about getting yourself, car, or others messy when you are done.

Review #: 290
Date: 02 25, 2014
I wish I bought this chair in the first place, real easy to move around, not bulky, adjusts hight and you can use a tray or pull it to the table. Nice!

Review #: 291
Date: 11 30, 2013
Cheaply made but it was cheap so can't do too much complaining. Bought it for my 13 month old granddaughter, but I don't think it will last too long. seems pretty small and not durable. Wish I had bought it when she was younger, would have gotten more use out of it. Don't think I would recommend it to anybody.

Review #: 292
Date: 03 24, 2014
We registered for the Fisher-Price Healthy Care Deluxe Booster Seat and I am so glad that I did. It wipes clean. When feeding my baby in the early months it was a very messy process. I could put this down on the floor and feed her and wipe everything clean afterward. We cloth diaper and she was snug under the tray, but overall she fit in there well. Now she is 19 months and we use this for restaurants. She fits better into the booster seat than the typical wooden ones that restaurants have. And it's easy to install on pretty much any chair. We love this booster seat all except for the tray cover.The tray cover will not stay put when carrying the booster seat around. It snaps onto the tray, however it doesn't STAY snapped on. It keeps popping off randomly. I'm not sure if I got a lemon or not, but it is annoying.  Luckily we are beyond the &#34;tray&#34; stage with our 19 month old, so we don't need it out at restaurants, but I am about to have another baby soon and we'll have to go thru it again.Also - Crayons are hard to wash off because of the textured plastic on the seat. We were in a restaurant that gave out free NON-WASHABLE crayons (which may be most of the problem here) and my daughter shoved them down under her bottom somehow and rubbed them into the seat. Now there are crayon marks. No biggie, I don't care, but you'd think you would be able to wash it off given that it's plastic.

Review #: 293
Date: 09 15, 2013
it secures to the chair. It is easy and convenient to carry anywhere. I love the trays (2). The cover (green) has never been used.I really like that it has levels to put it higher.My baby feels comfortable in it and it is very secure. So that's enough for me.

Review #: 294
Date: 05 21, 2013
We originally bought this to take to my mother's house because I read that it would fit in a suitcase (for flying).  It does indeed fit in a large suitcase, so it was perfect for it's first intended use.  We currently keep it in the trunk of our car for use in restaurants (when we don't want to use their high chairs) and for use at friends' houses.  Our son was 7 months old when we bought it, and he is now a year old and it still works great.  In fact we used it at his first birthday party - we were at an outdoor pavilion in a park that had those big metal picnic tables, and (close by at all times of course) we set this up on top of one of the tables for him to eat his cake and make as much of a mess as he wanted.  While I still would not turn my back on him, and would always remain right next to him in such a situation (chair not strapped to anything), I can tell you that the chair was never unsteady, even when he was reaching to hand pieces of cake to other people.  Even after the smash cake, the chair cleaned up easily.  Even though we have another high chair we use at home, this could have easily served as our son's main chair for eating at home, and probably would have if we had bought it before the other one - it certainly cleans up easier!

Review #: 295
Date: 10 26, 2011
I wish we hadn't wasted so much time and energy with a high chair before we got this booster. This is so much easier to clean and takes up so much less space. We use it both with the tray and as a booster to our table. Love it!

Review #: 296
Date: 11 14, 2010
Of all the baby gear that I have bought, this is by far the one item that I am most satisfied with.  We use it three times a day, every day.  When we go out to eat we bring it with us because it is so light, easy to carry (back strap acts as shoulder strap), easy to attach to chairs (we have yet to find a chair that it doesn't work on).  It is very easy to clean, with no nooks and our son loves sitting in it (and I need him to stay for a while after he eats, otherwise he will spit up).  We only use the brown tray (haven't used the platter or lid).  Love it.Two years later: still love it.  Have never seen any other highchair/booster that I wish I owned instead (or in addition too, for that matter).

Review #: 297
Date: 01 16, 2014
We used a high chair for ages 6-15 months.  But when our little girl was ready for the booster, this is the best one we could get.  It has 3 heights, easy to transport, and can be used with a tray if you don't even want to bother with a high chair at all.  I found it was very easy to secure to different chairs.  Best buy out there for these things!

Review #: 298
Date: 07 30, 2008
I like this booster seat but I didn't take into consideration when purchasing it that my son would need a tilted seat as he can not support himself sitting up yet.  If you have a special needs child or a premie with low muscle tone go with a seat that reclines to help support the head and neck.  Otherwise this is a good choice and very nice.

Review #: 299
Date: 04 4, 2006
We have had 3 different booster chairs between our house and my 17 month-old daughter's 2 grandmother's houses and this one is by far the best.  I won't restate what all the other reviewers have said because I agree with all of them, but I will list the reasons I love this chair over all the others:1) It has 3 height settings to use with different tables or chairs.  We use this without the tray at home and I can scoot my daughter up to her belly at the big table.  Others that have the attached tray must be used with the tray at all times.  It makes her feel like such a big girl to be sitting with us!2) The straps adjust very easily and quickly for installation and removal.  Simply let out the length of the straps, snap them around the back of the chair and underneath the chair, then pull out the slack.  Tight and secure in seconds.3) This chair folds up so easily and you can lengthen one of the straps to carry it over your shoulder.  Frees up your hands to carry other things.  This is handy when you are traveling and have to make several trips to and from the car with all of the gear you travel with when you have a toddler!4) This one is more sturdy than other boosters.  This is made of thick, sturdy plastic and still looks new after being taken on our past 4 trips (in and out of houses, hotels, restaurants and the car).I highly recommend this booster!

Review #: 300
Date: 05 16, 2005
I purchased this seat for my parents house, since they talk my daughter once and while (she was a year, at the time of the purchase).  They use it all the time and take it with them at various restaurants and have used it for vacation.  It's a great mini high chair.

Review #: 301
Date: 11 15, 2009
This is a great chair once baby is able to sit up, it doesn't recline at all so I don't recommend it for babies who aren't sitting yet.This booster is exactly what I was looking for to save space in my eat-in kitchen and to have for outings to restaurants since I'm not a fan of those wood high chairs most places have with the broken seat belts.  This booster folds into a nice compact square for transporting.  The chair secures to most common dining chairs (not ideal for booths).  There is also the option of raising or lower the legs beneath to help get the right height for the table so baby is part of the family.  You can adjust it so baby is sitting right up to the table with no trays at all just using the lap belt but our baby likes to kick and I bet he could kick against the table and knock the whole chair over if he tried so we don't use it that way, when he is older we will most likely use it in this manner as more of a traditional booster.The three trays you see in the pictures really are nice.  The white tray insert fits snuggly and can be removed and placed right into the dishwasher so I use it with the insert most of the time.  The blue tray is harder to fit in the dishwasher but is great for cheerios or playing with toys especially when I am trying to cook and the baby really wants to be able to see me, I just pop him in and place some cheerios on the tray and he keeps himself entertained trying to get them. The green tray cover is great for keeping trays sterile while transporting the chair to a restaurant when eating out and for keeping the mess contained on the way home so you don't end up with sweet potatoes all over your car.A final bonus of this chair is that there are no real nooks for food to sneak into.  This is a hard plastic without a lot of seams allowing for easy clean up with a damp cloth.

Review #: 302
Date: 08 14, 2006
I can't say enough great things about this seat!  I have a $70 baby trend high chair that is barely used because my son just has loved this booster seat since about 6 months old!  We take it everywhere and I have been able to securely strap this chair to seats everywhere, including a 6 hour ferry ride!  I will give this as a baby gift at every baby shower I go to because I really think it is one of my top 5 favorite things for my son!

Review #: 303
Date: 03 31, 2011
I bought this for my toddler who would refuse to sit in his highchair for meals. I wish I had just bought this booster seat from the beginning instead of wasting money on a highchair. This seat is great, it has the features of a highchair but it doesn't take up the space a highchair does. It's all plastic which makes cleanups so much easier than the traditional highchairs. It is small and folds in half, handy for travel and storage. The seat has 3 height positions, so it will grow with your toddler. I have the seat in red/white and it came with 3 trays (the lid to the keep the booster seat tray clean is a nice feature). My sons loves this seat, he is so excited to eat at the table with the grownups like a big boy.

Review #: 304
Date: 05 4, 2013
I like many things about this high chair/booster seat. This is very easy to clean which is one of the biggest advantages. It is a very inexpensive and functional seat which takes up little space. Also it adjusts in many ways which accommodates a growing baby. Very happy with this purchase.

Review #: 305
Date: 02 23, 2014
I got this a a space saver high chair and the tray is just too small. I use it as a booster for my 2 year old and now it's perfect for us.Pros:Easy to wipe cleanNice boosterAdjustable heightCons:The tray cover pops off easily and kids figure it out quicklyThe tray is so small it's better for babies or without the tray

Review #: 306
Date: 05 27, 2012
Am happy overall with the product but was very disappointed to find that on the white tray (the one my baby would be eating off of) that there is a large section right in the middle that looks totally scratched... like someone took an abrasive scouring pad and washed/scratched it. Maybe the product was used by someone but then returned? I wish the returns department had inspected the item more carefully so that I wouldn't have to pay full price for a "used" (not "like new") item. I don't feel like it is worth the cost and effort of sending the product back for a new one, oh well.

Review #: 307
Date: 09 14, 2005
We have a full-size highchair at home (Peg Perego Prima Pappa) that we love--but this booster is fantastic for when we visit family or for when we have an extra child at our house at mealtime.  Although we still use our full-size highchair on a daily basis, it isn't really necessary now that our child is a toddler...a toddler really could use this booster as her only chair.We never have found a chair we can't strap this booster on to and it always has been very sturdy.  The harness straps are adjustable and the tray has three different settings to accomodate a variety of tummy sizes.  My 33lb 37inch child still fits comfortably into this seat.We have used the chair outside to keep our daughter contained during a picnic, but it really isn't designed for that use--we had to be very careful that she didn't push off with her legs and tip the chair backward.We bring the chair with us when we visit relatives, but this would be something great for grandparents to purchase to keep at their house.

Review #: 308
Date: 10 18, 2013
With two boys 18 months apart we weren't ready for our 2 year old to move to just the chair now that our 6 month old is ready to eat solids.  I spent a lot of time looking for a booster without a tray for my two year old, but I just couldn't decide.  Instead I bought a second Fisher-Price Booster and we are very happy with it.

Review #: 309
Date: 01 1, 2012
Im still using it, and my baby loves ithe's got his own chair and he seems to be greatful for it.perfect for travelingthanks for the quick delivered

Review #: 310
Date: 04 5, 2005
I have been able to use this chair beginning at 4 months due to the adjustable settings and straps.  I always supervise of course but as soon as my son could hold his head up he loved this chair and off we went to the restaurants, grandparents, etc.  It is so portable with the handy over the shoulder strap that is attached.  Just a wonderful babyshower gift but keep in mind that this is possibly not for a large child. My son is in the 50% percentile weight and height wise so this chair will be used for awhile but I can see how it could be outgrown too soon for some babies.

Review #: 311
Date: 02 24, 2014
I bought this to replace my 19 month old's old, dirty high chair. I really like it..::PROs::.+Easy to clean+Removable dishwasher safe tray+No tools required for assembly+Very secure when installed+Brown/Blue/Tan color is very nice looking.::CONs::.-Can't push chair into the table all the way, especially with trays on, at height setting 3-Top (blue) tray is kind of uselessUPDATE 3/17/14:So after some use, I still like this chair but see some issues. The tabs on the side to hold the tray will actually start to push into the seat itself so the tray doesn't attach correctly. At this point, I can still attach it (can't use the 2 inner tabs because my kid is too big) but if you push up on the tray much, the tray will come off which means my toddler can remove it herself. The white tray that goes on top of the beige tray is very easy to remove and sometimes my toddler will pull it off herself resulting in whatever was on that tray being thrown everywhere. If I had the choice, I'd buy this again for my toddler. I'm not sure I would suggest it for messy eaters or smaller babies though.

Review #: 312
Date: 09 19, 2011
I purchased this booster for my 6 months old son and we both love it :) Not to mention the super easy cleaning! The booster is not only used as a travel feeding chair but also as a "play chair" - my son can stay in it for a while. For play time I place the booster on the floor and put toys in the tray. The booster is also super easy to carry - I usually take it with us when we go to the park as it does not take much room in the car. The comfort of feeding the baby outdoors in a comfortable chair is tremendous. I give the booster 5 stars and highly recommend it!

Review #: 313
Date: 05 17, 2013
It is a compact space saving booster seat that suits our needs well.  The baby appears comfortable in the seat and it cleans up really well.  Not sure what more we needed!

Review #: 314
Date: 09 9, 2005
We received this item second hand from our friend as there wasn't much space in our eating areas for a large high chair.  WONDERFUL product, used with the tray and adjustable seating heights for my sons growing needs (with or without the safety strap), then off came the tray and up to the table as a booster seat when he was a 'big boy' - still using seating adjustment heights.  Finally he didn't need it anymore and now it will soon be our daughters turn.  Easy to clean, very durable, cheaper than a bulky high chair and right at the table from the beginning.  Nice!

Review #: 315
Date: 08 3, 2013
There a few things that I love about this. It's easy to clean, the tray goes in the dishwasher, it takes up less space, etc. However, a few bigger complaints: the tray is kind of small. It doesn't even fit a kid-type plate with compartments. Also, it's almost too small for her, even though she is a child who is on the smaller side. I will probably have to start using it just a booster seat soon, since she is apparently growing out of it already. It says it's for ages 6 months and up...

Review #: 316
Date: 12 30, 2012
This has been working great for us. My daughter seems comfortable in it. We've adjusted it to many different heights but never used the tray. It hasn't scratched our wooden chair.

Review #: 317
Date: 09 29, 2013
we are using this one more at home to give our LG a &#34;place&#34; at the table.  Seems like he really enjoys sitting at the table with us instead of by himself in the high chair.  With the tray table in tact, I can slide him under the kitchen table and feel that he is protected from falling out.  This is a 3 point harness and not a 5 point like the high chair.  We only have him in this when we are around.  the biggest bonus of this is the restaurant, very light, simple to use and carry and I can set it up in about 1 min in a restaurant chair.

Review #: 318
Date: 08 1, 2011
We bought this for a trip to visit the grandparents.  It was a good size for my petite 1 y/o, but definately smaller than the high chair we use at home.  Because it only has a lapbelt my baby kept trying to push herself up and out.  The tray never came off during these attempts and did a good job of keeping her in place.

Review #: 319
Date: 05 3, 2013
We've not used this long, but I like it so far. It's lightweight and easy to attach to a chair. The slick plastic material is easy to clean off, and I love that it doesn't take up much space. Would be good for travel, too, I imagine.

Review #: 320
Date: 02 27, 2014
This chair is just what you want it to be - simple, sturdy, easy to clean, portable, and inexpensive. We have a Graco highchair that is a hand-me-down which takes up so much space and it is much harder to clean. I don't know why you would bother with any other chair after using this one. I read a review that said it was small and I was worried about my 18 month fitting, but he is almost 30lbs and fits just fine with room to grow. And yes, the white tray can be snapped off easily by a toddler but we just stopped using it. No biggie. Great purchase.

Review #: 321
Date: 01 13, 2012
I've been using the seat for my 7-month-old baby for 1 month, and I'm very happy with it.  I love the colors.  It's nice see colors rather than pink and blue for a baby product.  It's easy to clean.  Everything works well.  So I give 5 stars for design and construction.  I have to take 1 star because 1)I haven't used it long enough and 2)it's different from the picture on Amazon - the lumbar part of the seat doesn't have a hole.

Review #: 322
Date: 01 25, 2013
I recently bought this booster to replace my broken highchair.  I really like it.  It is so easy to clean, and there is no material pad to wash.  The tray is small enough to wash in one sink.  My baby is a year old and likes his new booster very much.

Review #: 323
Date: 02 3, 2014
This is a great chair.  I can take my child straight to the tub after a messy meal, then hose this down after.  Unlike the picture (and as many posters have said), mine doesn't have the cut-out hole in the red-back, though not a big deal.  I took this along on a road-trip across the U.S. and only once had to use it, but it traveled well.

Review #: 324
Date: 01 14, 2013
We love it.  It attaches securely, looks comfortable, has appealing colors, wipes clean with ease- I couldn't ask for anything more.  Apparently it travels well (which is another reason we selected this product) but we haven't tested that feature.  I'm confident it will work fine on the go.

Review #: 325
Date: 04 25, 2013
We had another chair that we weren't happy with and this one has it all and more.Points I like:+The base is small so fits in all my chairs+It is very stable+It doesn't have seems or spots where food can get.  This makes it super easy to clean.+the tray is easy to put on and off for adults but not baby+collapses into a very small size so you can take with you to restaurants with ease.+removable top try can go in dishwasher, so when you start letting them participate in feeding themselves you can use it like a plate then when you remove they still have a clean tray in front of them.+it has a lid, so you can either use it to protect the clean surface when traveling or use it as a lid with the middle tray to save food.+It can be used as a booster chair and the height is adjustable, although we've only used the lowest height since we have in on a bar stool.+the straps to secure to a chair are very long, so it can accommodate all size chairs.  The baby straps also have a lot of slack and I have a chunky 9 month, so I think it will grow with her well when she is using as a booster.It has a three point harness.  This I like, as my last one had a 5 point and it was too much for feeding when this can sit up.  (my old one was designed to recline for newborns with bottles, so that was more important then, also why it had a wide base)

Review #: 326
Date: 11 11, 2013
OK, so we had another booster for our sons (13 months old) and it's not exactly a easy transport item. So in my attempt to get a booster seat that we could bring with us (since we are finally leaving the house with the boys after 13 months) I bought this x 2. Funny thing is...it was between this seat and the one we originally bought when we ended up buying the other. Don't tell him, but my husband's choice was right, mine was wrong.Pros:1. Small. Our other seat is massive and the base barley fit on to our kitchen chairs. The trays are crazy wide on our other chair too, so these tray seemed much more in proportion to the size of the human they are feeding - baby to toddler.2. Portability - this thing practically fits in my pocket by the time it's totally collapsed down. Ok, maybe a little hyperbole there, but it does collapse down quite small. In addition, the straps used to secure seat to chair are then used as a shoulder or carrying strap, while the other set of straps are used to hold the tray/cover in place.3. Easy maintenance. The whole dang thing is plastic (except for the straps). If you think your delicate little baby cannot sit in a hard plastic chair (as I did at first)...then buy a blanket to line it with. Do not buy a booster seat/high chair with any kind of cloth no matter how &#34;washable&#34; they claim it to be. Sure it may be washable, but do you really want to wash this thing off after every meal? No, no you do not. But you will have to, cause kids are disgusting eaters. Unlike other booster seats the locking trays and the removable tray and the removable tray cover all fit into the dishwasher. Last booster we had was &#34;dishwasher safe.&#34; Yay! Except for the fact that it was so big it didn't in any way fit (believe me we played tetris with it for hours) in to our dishwasher. You just throw the tray in the dishwasher or give them a swipe with a clorox cloth or wash rag and voila, ready for next meal. I usually just wipe down the seat with a wet rag or paper towel and it's good for the next meal.4. It has three, yes three!, levels of boostability. Very easy spring lever on bottom of booster allow you to expand or contract the booster as needed.Cons:1. The little blue tray cover is kind of useless. I think it's meant to cover the dirty tray as you leave the restaurant or whatever, but it doesn't really snap in to place.That's it. So buy it, now, ya knwo, if you want. It's a great booster.

Review #: 327
Date: 02 26, 2013
This is a great chair.  It is very easy to use and wipes up easy.  The only thing I don't like is that my toddler can unsnap the buckle very quickly.  We have had a lot of use out of this and it works on many different types of chairs, it is sturdy.  My son is 2 1/2 and he still fits well into it.

Review #: 328
Date: 07 15, 2011
I bought this about a year ago for my son. This is the greatest piece of baby gear I have ever purchased. It fits just about every dining chair I'v ever tried. I love how easy it is use. It's super easy to adjust the straps and the height of the legs, as well as attach/detach from the chair. You can use it with or with out the tray, so you can push baby all the way up to the table and eat together as a family. It's portable, and 'folds' into a compact size, the back of the seat folds down (and is also removable) and the tray snaps on the seat. You use one of the straps to carry it. I use this every day. I even take it with me when we go out to eat.Its easy, functional, and grows with your baby/toddler/child.  I highly recommend this product, and I'm VERY particular about baby gear. Forget 5 stars, I give it 10. NO COMPLAINTS for this product.

Review #: 329
Date: 10 16, 2007
This chair made my life easier!  Easy to clean, and basically I can put it anywhere: on the floor, on the chair, and best of all on the go!My husband loves to dine out.  This chair made my daughter feels eating out as comfortable as eating at home.  It fits many different shaped of chairs out there (as long as not a sofa! =p)And by having her own table, she does not really touch the restaurant table which I like to avoid in any case (due to hygiene reason).  And if we want to watch TV, I can put her on the floor with this chair (so me watching and feeding her at the same time =)).This is great to have!

Review #: 330
Date: 03 21, 2014
I bought this chair to replace the clip on chair we had for our first born and reused for our second until the grunge factor kicked in to the point where I couldn't stand it anymore.  This is easy to clean (we do not use the tray) and holds him firmly in his chair.  I'm happy with the purchase and where he is 16 mos old, we will get a lot of use from this.

Review #: 331
Date: 11 19, 2007
This is one of my favorite baby products.  We have a tiny kitchen with a small island that has two stools for my husband and myself.  We absolutely have no room for a high chair.  With this booster seat, there is no need!  This seat is sturdy enough that we can sit it on top of the island and feed baby.  It does not slide around on a flat surface.*Disclaimer* -obviously once your child is big enough for his/her feet to reach the table surface, there is the risk that he/she could potentially push the seat over backwards, but for now, with our little one's legs sticking straight out, it works great with our infant.  We will have to move to the dining room table when she gets bigger.The trays are very easy to clean as is the seat.  Just a quick wipe and it's clean or throw the trays in the dishwasher.  We also find it quick and easy to fold up and we take it when we eat out.  It's also very light weight and easy to set up quickly.  No digusting sticky public high chairs to use!  Whenever we travel to the grandparents' or a friend's we have our "high chair" ready to use.  The strap that hooks beneath the chair has velcro on it so you can secure the excess strap (after tightening) off the floor where it won't dangle and get dirty.The "layers" of tray and tray cover snap together easily and come apart easily too.  Also, this chair is much cheaper than any high chair on the market.Highly, highly recommended.

Review #: 332
Date: 09 18, 2013
I love that the tray can go in the dishwasher.  The seat straps securely into a chair.  The white eating tray comes off of the the beige tray below a little too easily though.

Review #: 333
Date: 07 28, 2007
I was sick of pushing my original Chicco Mamma High Chair around the kitchen and out of the way, so I bought this. So far, I am not disappointed.I have a hefty 6 month old (22lbs) that is comfortable in the chair. I have already used it many times at home and taken it out twice to restaurants. It seems to fit all kinds and styles of chairs. It fits snugly onto the chair, so I am not worried about it falling off or tipping over.I like that I can remove the tray insert and still have a usable surface. I also appreciate how easy it is to clean, with no nooks and crevices to get food permanently stuck in.It is easy to use and priced well. My only concern is that my son has already figured out how to snap off the tray insert by reaching his hand over and pulling up on the lip of the insert. I also wonder if the system it uses to attach to the side of the chair is a wee bit too flimsy. I am nervous that after months of taking it off and putting it back on that it will become loose and not stay on as well.Only time will tell, I suppose. For the time being, I am pretty happy with it.

Review #: 334
Date: 01 15, 2013
I love this product.  It is all plastic, so it is very easy to clean.  You can use it with or without the tray.  It is small enough to store in a closet if you don't need to use it for a while.  Has different heights so you can use from baby to toddler.

Review #: 335
Date: 03 21, 2014
We bought this as seat to keep at our parents house for when we visit (~5 times a year). It works perfectly on their chairs and is small enough for them to put away when we leave. Not sure if it work for us on an every day basis, but it works great for those visits.

Review #: 336
Date: 03 28, 2007
Instead of purchasing a traditional highchair, we wanted a more cost-effective, space-saving, portable option.  The Fisher Price Healthy Care Booster Seat turned out to be perfect for us!  Our son was able to sit-up supported in this booster seat at 4 months old (a couple months before he could sit on his own).  I was worried that the seat might not be comfortable enough because it has no padding, but our son loves to sit up and join us as we dine without ever showing a sign of discomfort.  The entire seat is plastic, so it's easy to clean.  It comes with 2 trays (one dishwasher safe), so there are no worries if you don't get one clean by the next meal.  It fits on smaller chairs than theFisher-Price Space Saver High Chair(which is also a good option).  The Healthy Care Booster Seat also weighs next-to-nothing and the backrest folds down- perfect for throwing in the car to take to a restaurant or traveling with on an airplane.

Review #: 337
Date: 12 10, 2012
small, lightweight. easy to clean. Couldn't ask for more from this seat. it's great for trips to my in-laws and restaurants so my son doesn't have to use the nasty ones that are never cleaned at restaurants.

Review #: 338
Date: 10 27, 2013
We use this as our normal highchair. It is really portable and we take it to friends house and restaurants all the time.

Review #: 339
Date: 09 16, 2013
I didn't want to buy a big high chair for my grand-daughter since I only watch her once or twice a week and this fits the bill. It folds down pretty small to store in guest bedroom closet and we have taken it with us when we went out to eat because it's nice to have the tray to put small food items on for her to eat and/or toys for her to play with. I also like that it will grow with her by not using the tray. Love that is adjustable in height also. :)

Review #: 340
Date: 05 12, 2013
I almost bought one of those hook on chairs that just hook right onto the table, but they didn't seem as useful because you couldn't use them freestanding.  My son sits in something similar to this at daycare for his meals, and I decided to pick one up for when we visit grandma, restaurants, friend's houses that no longer or don't yet have small children and a booster or highchair available.  This booster is great.  Easy to clean, folds up fairly compact, will hold up to 50 lbs., not that my son will ever reach the weight limit before he's in a regular chair, but I did not want this outgrown in a year.  I'm not sure why it has the tray cover, but the removable insert (middle) with the cup holder is nice.  Not necessary, but nice.  My son can eat off of either tray and we can even switch them out mid-meal if we want to serve something else.  Highly recommended.  I like this more than my regular highchair.Update 1-12-14My son is now 18 months.  We finally got rid of our full-sized high chair and now we just have this.  It's been so easy to clean, travel with, and use as a booster.  I will not bother with a full-sized high chair ever again.  I wish I would have just bought this and saved my money!

Review #: 341
Date: 04 8, 2013
This is perfect, fits the chair great, I love the tray that comes off to wash it and it clean well and I don't have to worry about any material getting dirty.

Review #: 342
Date: 03 24, 2014
We have tried just about everything it seems.  First, any chair with cushions are going to give you nightmares on cleaning.  Just got tired of taking the damn thing apart to wash down.  Food gets down into every crack on other chairs.  Your babies doesn't need to be *that* comfortable.  Full high chairs take up so much damn room.This seat is the way to go.  First, goes on a chair, very simple design.  Easy to clean since you don't have too many places for food to get into.  In fact, you can easily unstrap the chair put into sink and wash it off fast.  And really, this isn't everytime you feed.  I normally just wipe out fast and boom, ready to go.  For a SAHD with three kids, I need fast and easy.

Review #: 343
Date: 08 13, 2005
Our first house had a huge kitchen and dining room but our new house didn't!  We used her highchair as long as we could because I loved it.  But after about 2 months it just got in the way too much!We had the hook on chair for dining out but I really didn't want it for the house.  I started looking at boosters and this was the best we found!The tray is awesome!  That was the main reason I held on to her chair for so long!  It makes feeding her a snap.  She eats what we eat before I season it so when everything is ready you just grab the tray and fill it up.  It cools while I season and get everything to the table.  She then sits at the table with us and eats.  When your done it pops off and goes right in the dishwasher with the rest of the dishes.  It's also great for potlucks!It can be adjusted to fit almost every table.  We've used it at church, home, grandma's and friend's house and we've yet to find a table it won't adjust to fit.  We've used it without and without the tray and she fits fine everywhere.It is also super portable!  You can have it unhooked and folded up to go in seconds!  Then once you're there you can have it unfolded and hooked to a chair just as quick!  It doesn't take up much room in the house or car.  We also have yet to find a chair that it can't hook to.  In fact one of our favorite restaurants (small family owned place) bought a couple of these to use as boosters after seeing ours.These seats really are great whether your cramped for space or just ready to move up to a big kid seat!

Review #: 344
Date: 06 3, 2014
I've been waiting to write this review until my grandson got to try this out. We'll folks, he loves it! The first thing he did was remove the opaque cover and look at us through it. Granted that isn't what the cover is intended for, but hey whatever makes the little ones happy while you're preparing their food, right?The quality appears to be sturdy and assembly was very easy. I did not have any trouble securing the straps or putting the tray on.

Review #: 345
Date: 10 9, 2008
I originally purchased this seat to use at grandma's and on the go, but it quickly became the only high chair we use at home. We had a regular, bulky, cumbersome high chair but this seat cleans up sooo much easier because of it's lack of upholstery, plus the tray just seemed to fit more snugly around my son so not as much food fell down around him to begin with. Now that my son is 16 months old, he wants to sit up at the regular table, which is totally convenient with this chair- we just strap him in and leave the tray off. We are expecting baby #2 and I totally plan on purchasing a second one just like this and would recommend it to anyone, but DEFINITELY get the actual Fisher-Price one... a friend liked mine so well she went out and got a booster seat made by a different brand and it really just isn't as nice and easy to use.

Review #: 346
Date: 06 6, 2014
Can't beat this seat. Versatile. We have two for both kids. I always pop the tray in the dishwasher. Would recommend.

Review #: 347
Date: 06 11, 2014
I gave this five stars as this is the third one I've purchased.  I purchased one for myself, one for each of my grandchildren who's parents have counter height tables and the grandchildren are too big for their high chairs.  I originally purchased this one for our granddaughter (since we too have a counter height kitchen table) who was 9 months and it was perfect for her!  Now that our grandchildren are 2 1/2 and 1 1/2 it is perfect for them still.  I HIGHLY recommend this for grandparents, people who do not have children as it is so handy to pull out and use for company that has little one/toddlers.  The seat conveniently folds up and has a strap for throwing it over your shoulder if you're going to someone's home that doesn't have a high chair/booster seat.  Fisher-Price has done it again!

Review #: 348
Date: 03 18, 2014
These are great high-chairs.  They're adjustable, have the multi-purpose tray, and attach to just about any seat.  It does collapse relatively well, but we don't use it for restaurants or travel because it's still pretty bulky.  Overall very pleased with this product.

Review #: 349
Date: 06 16, 2011
I've used this chair since my little girl was 5 months old. I like it. It's been a space saver in our little kitchen. It's easy to clean. And it's a lot cheaper than comparable products. I don't have any complaints about it.

Review #: 350
Date: 01 25, 2014
We have twins and we have a set we use at home and now a set at Grandma's house too! These are great seats.

Review #: 351
Date: 05 24, 2013
I finally got sick of cleaning all the nooks and crannies filled with gross, mashed up food with our regular high chair and just purchased this booster instead.  We purchased a similar Fisher-Price booster from a local store when we transitioned him out of his infant car seat/carrier because he wasn't sitting up very well in the high chairs restaurants provided and we needed a secure place for him while we were eating.  A year later, we still keep that booster in our car and use it every time we go out to eat.  Although it can be a hassle to carry it in and attach it to the chair, I feel better that it's more sanitary (many of those restaurant high chairs are GROSS!) and my son behaves much better when he's secured into this booster.  I ordered what I though was the same exact booster to replace our high chair at home and keep permanently in the house so I could leave the other in the car for restaurants.  I was hoping we'd be able to use the tray insert interchangeably on both of them, but they are slightly different and won't work interchangeably.  None-the-less, we are all happier using this booster.  It wipes clean easily and there's no where for food to get caught.  Plus, since it uses one of our regular dining room chairs, we are not using up the floor space that a high chair would take.  When baby #2 comes along, we will just skip the high chair all together and use one of these!

Review #: 352
Date: 08 9, 2004
I had bought this for my son at 6 months old for visiting graqndparents.  I really liked the features, but didn't like it once i put my son in it.  I loved the idea that it folded up, had a carrying strap, could come apart easily to clean, and the different trays.  I thought that the back could be a little higher, he still needed some support, and couldn't sit straight up.  Also he is an average size baby, and when i put him in the seat he had just fit, and the seat looked really small with him in it.  I returned and bought him a reclining seat with a higher back.

Review #: 353
Date: 10 12, 2010
I'm happy, baby's happy. Fits in seat, is great to be so easily portable from kitchen to dining room. Have even brought it out on the deck as a little seat for baby since he doesn't entirely sit up on his own and isn't a bumbo fan! Well made, would buy again.

Review #: 354
Date: 11 22, 2004
With the holidays coming up and traveling to so many diffrent ppls homes we wanted to get something safe and easy to travel with. As much as i love my EB highchairs i didnt want to be loading them up to travel to visit family. We didnt want to have to feed the twins in their infant seats either. They are used to sitting in a highchair and wanted them to be comfortable. We went to store and checked out many of the booster seats and NOTHING compared to this one. Its easy to get on the chair, its easy to get the babies in and out, easy to clean and most of all it stays very secure on the chair. If you do run into a problem with it sitting right on your chair fold up a towel put that on the chair and then the seat on top of that. It should work like a charm.With other models i have read how hard it was to get the booster on the chair and to stay safely. Also getting it clean was almost impossible. THe other chairs in the store were just hard to work with. We've used this now about 5 times and almost wished we didnt buy big highchairs for the twins (so does grandma). These are so portable and dont take up as much space as the other chairs and they do the same job as the big highchairs. When you go anywhere with young children you always seem to be carrying so many other things for them. This makes things a little easier. At 7 months old my babies love these chairs and we will be using them for a long time!

Review #: 355
Date: 06 15, 2005
We bought this for my mom's house (who watches my little girl 3 days a week) as she didn't have the space for a full size highchair. My daughter loves this seat! It's so sturdy once it's latched on to a chair and the top (eating surface) doesn't pop off like I've seen others do. My daughter is incredibly strong and she can't even undo the top of it.Very happy mommy!!

Review #: 356
Date: 10 4, 2013
The deluxe booster seat (DBS) is a lot more compact that its big brother, the space saver high chair (SSHC), and I actually prefer it. I removed one star because the tray is a little difficult to get on and off. I have also found that the add-ons to the tray are pretty useless (they are the only difference b/w the deluxe and non-deluxe versions), so you can save a few dollars by going with the non-deluxe version. What follows is a comparison between the DBS and the SSHC.Features of the SSHC:ReclinesRemovable Padded Cloth CoverRemovable Upper Straps for a 5-Point HarnessRemovable Seat BackFull-sized Tray with One-handed RemovalThe seat in the SSHC is rounded to allow for the chair to recline. When in the upright position it seems to make my children slouch because of it. The reclining feature, the cover, and the upper straps were used for a very brief period of time (only about a  month). If you need your child to be reclined when first feeding them, I would recommend putting them in a bouncy seat or in their car seat instead so that you don't have problems with slouching later on. The seat is also very deep, and has a large pommel. The pommel prevents my three-year-old child from being able to easily climb into and out of the chair. The deepness of the chair means that my child sits low relative to the tray, making it difficult for him to feed himself (especially when he was younger). The back is very high on this chair and makes it difficult for him to tip back enough to drink from a sippy cup, and even though it is removable, I hesitate to remove it because of the way the chair makes my child sit he usually leans back and so uses the back for support.The SSHC tray is huge. And while it advertises a one-handed removal, you almost always have to use two hands. The size of the tray makes it difficult to wash (while dishwasher safe, it's so big it's not going to fit in your dishwasher so plan on washing by hand), and it won't balance in our dish drain, so we almost always end up toweling it off immediately. To attach the tray to the seat there are two long &#34;arms&#34; on either side of the seat. These arms make the booster seat very wide (even without the tray), and prevent the chair from being able to be pushed up to the table for an older child's use as just a booster.Features of the DBS:Compact and Fold-able for easy transportThree-Point HarnessAdjustable Seat HeightAdjustable Snap-on Tray with Inset and CoverThe seat in the DBS is right angled, more shallow and narrow, has a small pommel, and a much lower back. My child sits much more comfortably in this chair, and the tray is at a great height for him to be able to easily feed himself. The DBS tray is much smaller, yet still has plenty of room for my child's food and drink. It is much easier to wash. Its only downside is that it is not as easy to put on and remove as the SSHC tray. The DBS chair can be pushed up to the table, and it is height adjustable, so I can put my child at the right height for the table.Basically, all the extra features in the SSHC seem like they are a great idea so you can transition from feeding a four-month-old to a four-year-old, but in reality, it makes the chair awkward and not good for any age. The tray is way too high for a self feeding child, and you can't pull the chair up to the table so it is useless as just a plain booster. The simplicity of the DBS helps it to be a better seat for any age. I have read some reviews that complain that the chair is too small and that their child outgrew it quickly. However, my children are on the lower end of the charts, and the DBS works well for both my one-year-old and my three-year-old.

Review #: 357
Date: 08 27, 2005
I can't praise this product enough.  It makes eating out with our 9 month old SO much more enjoyable!  I try not to be overly concerned with germs, etc....but after a few experiences using the highchairs in restaurants, I was quickly searching for a better alternative.  My daughter insisted on chewing/sucking on the trays and tables in restaurants.  I took one swipe of the side of the table with a wipe, and ICK!  It was practically black with grime.  Again, I don't consider myself a germophobe, but that was just revolting.  And the "stick on" mats I tried didn't really stay in place. (Not to mention the fact that the mats don't solve the problem of her sucking on the chair itself!)I have also tried those fabric seat covers.  They are very nice for shopping carts, but not so great for dining out b/c :  1) they cover only the seat, not the eating surface, and 2) they get dirty and aren't easily cleaned after each use.  (The softness is nice though, as well as the attached toys.  You can attach toys to the "seatbelts" of the booster too, however.)Unlike the alteratives, this booster seat is WONDERFUL.  It is very easy to attach to all sizes of chairs (one strap clicks under the chair, and another behind the chairback.  the straps quickly and easily lengthen as needed).  My daughter can sit comfortably, and I don't need to constantly be hovering over her while we dine out.  She enjoys playing with her toys in the chair, and she can spread out her food on her own tray...no icky residue from other babies!Another very nice feature is the cover for the tray.  No matter how messy she gets, I don't have to worry about cleaning the tray before we leave a restaurant.  You just snap on the lid, and take it home to clean.  Very convenient.I enjoy taking her out so much more now.  Not only is it cleaner, it is more convenient to have her right at the table with us in a regular chair.  (Servers don't have to navigate around a highchair.)  I strongly recommend this!  It is one of my favorite buys for my baby.

Review #: 358
Date: 12 21, 2012
We love this booster seat.  We have 2 of them (purchased the 1st one somewhere else).  We got the 1st one when our now 10 month old son was just starting solids at 6 months, hoping to buy time to research high chairs.  We like the booster seat so much we decided we didn&#8217;t need a high chair.  We got a 2nd one as a &#8220;traveling&#8221; booster seat.  For the price, this booster seat rocks!  The colors are nice and the seat doesn&#8217;t take over the dining room like a high chair would.  Plus, it&#8217;s easier to clean -- there aren&#8217;t any nooks and crannies that hide crumbs or other messes.The only complaints I have are not really complaints about the booster seat as much as maybe arguments for a high chair:-When my son tilts his head back when sitting in this seat (e.g., out of excitement or when drinking from his sippy cup if it&#8217;s not full), he doesn&#8217;t have very far to go before hitting his head on the back of the real chair.  I generally put a blanket or burp cloth on the back of the real chair so that his head hits something soft and not the bare wood.  I could also solve this problem by raising the booster seat about a foot, but then I wouldn&#8217;t be able to pull him up to the dining room table.-The booster seat has a hard seat and isn&#8217;t as cushy as some of the padded high chairs.  It doesn&#8217;t seem to bother my son now, but once he starts speaking, we&#8217;ll see what he has to say.

Review #: 359
Date: 02 13, 2013
I am very happy with the purchase of this seat. I like that it is portable and has a special strap for carrying.

Review #: 360
Date: 09 21, 2012
This booster seat is really all you need for feeding a little one. Forget the big bullky high chair. This seat straps onto your kitchen chair easily, and the height can be adjusted as the child gets older until it eventually becomes a booster seat. It also has two trays, one with a cup holder that snaps onto the main tray. I don't have to wash the same one after every meal. I can start with the top one for breakfast, use the second one for lunch, and wash them before dinner. The trays are dishwasher safe, which is great, and the seat itself is easy to wipe down because it is all plastic. I like that my daughter can sit right at the table with the family. This is a great chair for saving space and money. The price is perfect and so is the chair. One of our must-haves for sure!

Review #: 361
Date: 06 9, 2010
I have an older model, but I have used it for over 7 years already!But believe me these come in so handy! I have used mine attached to a picnic table, attached to a park bench, on a beach chair, and I even attached it to a golf cart many times! It is small enough to go anywhere, and believe me it comes in so handy while staying at a hotel, at the beach, at grandmoms, or anywhere baby needs to go. It safely attaches to every chair we've come into contact with. And as noted above we've attached it to things the manufacturer surely wouldn't reccomend, so a watchful parent is a must! But it always was secure, straps are adjustable and easy to use.

Review #: 362
Date: 02 4, 2012
This is one of our most used baby items.  We use it at the dinner table and tote it with us to restaurants.  It's easy to tote and clip on to all sorts of chairs.  It's super easy to clean and fits our son just great.  It's amazing that it's only about $20!  I highly recommend this seat.

Review #: 363
Date: 03 29, 2010
I read many reviews before purchasing this booster seat, and they did not lie. I've had this seat for a few months now and LOVE it!!! You will NOT be sorry if you get this. It takes up so little space, and is soooo easy to clean! LOVE LOVE LOVE it!!!

Review #: 364
Date: 06 1, 2014
I ended up loving this little booster seat even more than I thought I would. I use it instead of a full size high chair.The tray has adjustments as to how far back against the baby it can go. When he first started using it, I put the tray the whole way back. At 9 months old, he is at the next notch. By the time it would be too tight against him, he would be using it without the tray, jut as a booster at the table, so the amount of notches for adjustments is perfect.You can raise and lower the seat in the base as well. So far, I have kept it at the highest height and that has worked perfect for sitting it on a chair as a booster - at the highest height, I am still able to slide the whole seat with the tray on it, under the table while it is on the chair. Of course this will vary depending on your own table and chair heights.I love that I can just move this around so easily from room to room. He can use it to sit and watch tv in the living room or just sit in like a big boy chair. I can sit it on the kitchen counter while I cook or clean and have him right there. There are rubber pads on the bottom of the base, so it won't slide around. I can sit it on  top of the table to feed him while I sit on the dining chair, or bring it in the living room and set it on the floor and it is still high enough to be comfortable to feed him while I sit on the floor.At first I bought this thinking that it would just be a temporary or once in a while item that I would use. But now, I can definitely see using it instead of a full size high chair for as long as he fits in it. I would think it would fit him up until the time he would be sitting on a regular dining chair on his own. It has so much more potential for use than a full size high chair, since you can move it around to pretty much anywhere.It is a decent size. Not too big and not too small. It doesn't take up much space at all. Storing it away is as simple as sitting it on a dining chair and pushing the chair under the table as usual.It is easy to clean - no fabric to worry about. Trays can go right in the dishwasher if you want.It is sturdy enough. I am not concerned that anything will crack or break.The color scheme is very neutral and nice looking.Price is definitely good and I feel like it is such a great value since it is such a versatile item. Definitely one of the best baby products I have chosen and I am so glad I bought it.

Review #: 365
Date: 12 14, 2010
I purchased this booster seat because I was tired of my daughter's highchair taking up so much room. I love it!

Review #: 366
Date: 02 8, 2014
So it's not an Eddie Bauer high chair.  It's not fancy, but it is easy to clean and it buts snugly on most chairs.

Review #: 367
Date: 01 20, 2014
What a great booster! My baby loves it and I love the fact that it's so easy to clean! 5 stars for the quality and price ($25.90)

Review #: 368
Date: 02 9, 2011
While my husband and I were registering for baby items for the birth of our first child, inevitably, a highchair was thrown into the mix.  Family and friends *insisted* we needed one.  So, needless to say, we spend quite awhile searching for a highchair we liked and registered for one.  As it turns out, we were not presented with one as a gift.  This turned out to be a good thing.Shortly afterward, our daughter was born, and immersed in the daily duties of being new parents, we didn't think much about a highchair again until we began feeding our daughter solid foods.  Unburdened by other's opinions, we decided we did not want a full-size highchair, as we originally considered.  Too hard to clean, too bulky, yet another single-use/stage item.Amazon to the rescue!  After looking at several chairs of this type, comparing features and reviews, we couldn't be happier after purchasing this one!All plastic = Easy to cleanRemovable DISHWASHER SAFE tray = Awesome!Adjustable height = Grows with our babyAdjustable/Removable seat back = Great for all stages of developmentStraps double as carrying straps = Super portable!Very affordable price = At least 1/4 - 1/3 the cost of a full-size highchair!I have already bought two; one for home and another for 'daycare' (my Mom's house).  We will be buying a third and fourth for our second child to be born this summer.In short, this product just makes sense!

Review #: 369
Date: 01 12, 2011
I am happy with the booster seat.  It was easy enough to attach to my dining room chair. Daughter loves it, including chewing on the straps.  Becareful of baby fingers when attaching the tray.  Attaching the tray can be trick since you cannot snap both sides in at the same time.  One side has to be snapped down at a time while at the same time trying to keep busy baby fingers out of the way.  Very easy to clean and the cream tray is dishwashable.  Overall happy with the purchase.

Review #: 370
Date: 05 29, 2012
LOVE this seat!  Portable and easy to clean.  Our little one loves sitting in it at restaurants.  This is going to be my new go-to baby item to give at showers.

Review #: 371
Date: 09 16, 2005
We were concerned about space in our small house and the footprint of one of the big, nice high chairs.  Don't get me wrong those big cushy highchairs are super plush and we love them, but this little seat has a lot going for it and is a great alternative to the traditional chairs.  It's portable, so when going to a friend's house or relative's for dinner you don't have to worry about where your infant will sit.  It straps onto just about any dining chair you have in your house so you don't have to take up extra room in your house with yet another baby item.  It's dirt cheap compared to the nice, but big, typical highchairs.  So far this little seat has been a great buy for us and I highly recommend it.

Review #: 372
Date: 11 3, 2011
OK, this is a perfectly adequate highchair that fits a bunch needs (easy to clean, compact, don't need to disappear a kitchen chair to fit it at the table).BUTand this is a BIG BUT:The click-in-place latch tabs that keep the base tray on are oftentimes VERY VERY DIFFICULT TO pull back to remove the tray. Especially if there is slimy kid food everywhere. I gather this must be a hit and miss fabrication problem due to the paucity of people pointing out this problem. But if you run into this issue it will be a big problem and pain in the booty.

Review #: 373
Date: 08 1, 2012
We have been using this for our 6th month old at home and at restaurants.  He sits in it just fine and it is super easy to use and clean.  One of his favorite activities is when I put baby puffs on the tray and he will grab them and try to feed himself.  Due to the tray *most* of the puffs will stay on the tray and not end up on the ground.One word of warning though, be careful while putting the upper tray on if your child is already seated with the lower tray in place.  I accidentally snapped the white upper tray onto the lower blue tray when my son's fingers were resting on the lower tray because he was already seated.  He cried but thankfully it wasn't more than that.  In the future I will snap the two trays together FIRST before attaching it to the booster.

Review #: 374
Date: 09 17, 2011
This booster is pretty handy to have! My 7-month-old uses it instead of a highchair. The only problem is that the moment I place her in it, she removes the white tray. Not sure why the manufacturer didn't place the fastener elsewhere. I just don't use the white tray or green cover. The blue tray fits securely on and easily washes in the dishwasher, so it's really no big deal. I've seen people bring it to playgroups, restaurants, etc. It fits perfectly on our chairs and I can push her right up to the table and counter without the tray.

Review #: 375
Date: 06 6, 2013
The straps that clip around and under the kitchen chair are really sturdy. The seat itself does not feel cheap, and it is easy to take the tray on and off. My daughter seems to fit in it perfectly even though she's really small. When she's done eating I wipe the tray off and it fits great in the dishwasher.

Review #: 376
Date: 01 26, 2012
My daughter is almost 10 months and we've been using this since around 4 1/2 months.  It has definitely gotten some very good use and I don't see myself buying a different (better) booster anytime soon, but there are certainly some features about it that I hate.  Overall, for the price, you can't complain too much about it.Pros:- Three height adjustments to accommodate to baby's size/seating arrangement.  Easy to adjust.- Safety straps to secure baby in seat as well as secure seat to chair are easy to use.- Removable tray makes for easier clean up.- Small and great for travel.  We take this with us when visiting relatives' houses and it's perfect for that.Cons:- I hate the way the washable tray secures onto the base tray.  It's only secure in the back (closest to where baby sits), so my daughter can slip her fingers underneath the front part and pull at it (it doesn't lock or snap in the front, so it just sits loosely).  She hasn't figured out how to pull hard enough to remove it yet, but I foresee that being an issue later.- When you are removing the tray, it kind of just pops off violently no matter how careful you're being.  That means if your tray is full of liquid or food, prepare for it fly off all over the place.  Yes, I realize that wiping it up first helps, but that sort of defeats the purpose of a removable/dishwasher safe tray, no?- I don't like the securing locks for securing the tray to the chair.  As others have stated, you need to very VERY careful about baby fingers/hands getting in the way so as to not get pinched.  Easier said than done with a squirmy, cranky baby.  I avoid this by leaving the tray on the widest setting and slipping my daughter in/out behind it.  But she's small and this arrangement won't last forever.- I wish the straps were removable.  I'd love to throw them in the washing machine.  With all the food and liquid that spills all over, the straps are DISGUSTING.  Yes, I can hand-wash them and wipe them, but really, they could just use a good soaking and wash.  My daughter tries to grab the "tails" of the straps and put them in her mouth all the time.  So.  Gross.Like I said, for the price you can't really go wrong.  This is our only high chair in our home and we've been mostly happy for it and I don't see us needing anything else before our daughter is big enough to sit in a chair by herself.

Review #: 377
Date: 08 6, 2013
We got this for the grandparents house and it is suiting our needs perfectly!  Small enough to be out of the way, easy to clean up, and it is secure for our daughter in a chair.  It is the perfect little seat for the grandparents house without spending much money for something not used every single day.

Review #: 378
Date: 07 10, 2014
Wanted a &#34;high chair&#34; for my granddaughter, whom I babysit 4 days a week.  After starting my research for a traditional high chair - which I didn't really want - I came across this item from Fisher Price.  Read many of the reviews, both positive and negative and decided this was a low cost possible solution.  If it didn't work as a &#34;high chair&#34; we could always use it when going out to eat.  Well, I was pleasantly surprised by the item and it will save me from having to purchase a traditional high chair.  My granddaughter is 4-1/2 months old, weighs approximately 16 lbs, and has been holding her head up for a while and is almost sitting up by herself.  At this point she needs a little help in the chair, but with the tray close, she is doing pretty good.  I only sit her in the chair for a few minutes at a time to let her get used to it - and she hasn't expressed any problems (lol) i.e. she doesn't cry, squirm or seem uncomfortable.  I think by using this process, she will be used to the chair by the time we are using it for feeding her.  One of the things I really like about this little &#34;chair&#34; is the fact that it is height adjustable.  We have a counter depth table with a 3-4 inch apron and the adjustment is great for us as it will allow her little legs to clear once she actually joins us at our table.Please keep in mind that this chair is less than $25 ...... but for our needs, it seems like a wonderful solution to a traditional high chair.  I think if I would have know about this when my kids were babies I would have gone this route and not done a high chair.  This is so much easier to clean, and you can just stick it away when not in use.  Heaven knows I have accumulated enough things with my granddaughter ..... so having something I can stick out of sight when not is use in a great big thumbs off for me.Thanks for reading and hope this helps.

Review #: 379
Date: 07 24, 2013
It's smaller than I thought it was going to be, but my daughter likes it. We don't use it to transport around so I couldn't comment on the folding. The top tray seems kind of pointless since it's so easily removed, you just end up getting two trays dirty instead. No complaints tho, good chair for a good price. Although, I prefer the fisher price ones with cloth, comfier for the baby, but at least double the price

Review #: 380
Date: 03 9, 2010
Easy to set up, easy to clean, easy to take with you!  There isn't much we don't love about this booster seat.  Very light to carry and we love the cover for the tray so if it's messy we don't have to get it sparkling clean before packing up and tossing it back in the car for the ride home.  Our 6 month old LOVES being more of a part of the "action" at the table and we don't need to use the nasty high chairs from the restaurants.  Also love that you can adjust the height of the chair.  We had the older version from our first child who is 5 years old but never use it because we love all the improvements with this model.  We don't care what color they come in but I can see some people wanting "boy/girl" specific colors.

Review #: 381
Date: 01 9, 2012
We were looking for a booster seat when we saw this chair having more than a thousand positive reviews.My wife is a licensed child care provider.  She loves this booster sit. She does it in our home,  with limited space, she does appreciate that it is compact and light.  Once the kids are picked up, it is easier to store as it is much lighter compared to a dedicated high chair.  There are two straps to make it well secured on a chair.  (Just make sure that you choose a very stable chair.)  One strap holds the chair below around the seat of the chair and the other vertically straps the booster seat around the back support.  Once strapped, just pull the ends to tighten.The seat can be adjusted in three heights.  To do this you need to pull a pair of spring latches at the bottom, one for each side.  There are also three positions for the tray to adjust to make the baby/toddler sits comfortably.  You will see three red buttons on each side.  You just push the left and right buttons, lift the tab, to adjust the tray.The baby strap is a three-point harness, it can be adjusted as your baby is growing.A great feature is the removable tray, you can prepare the baby's food on the tray, then place it with the baby when he is properly secured and ready to eat.  Also, if you want to bring the booster seat with you to a restaurant, it is easy to carry as the bottom straps doubles as a shoulder carry on.

Review #: 382
Date: 03 23, 2011
We just used this for the first time over the weekend with our 7-month old.  It was fantastic.  It is so easy to carry and fits to any kind of chair (we ate at several different locations and didn't have a problem attaching this seat to any of those chairs).  My son loved having his own little tray and I loved that I could just detach the entire tray and wash it off.FYI, the back of the chair is removable so that this will eventually just be a booster seat for an older child.  I did not realize that when I bought it, so it was an added bonus when I read that in the manual.I am very happy with this purchase and will recommend it to all of my mommy friends.

Review #: 383
Date: 08 20, 2013
I purchased this for my 2 year old son. It's really easy to clean and I love that it hooks to my regular chairs.

Review #: 384
Date: 09 11, 2013
MADE OF GOOD QUALITY, VERY SECURE FOR AN ACTIVE BABY TO ENSURE THEY CAN'T CLIMB OUT! COMES WITH A HANDY TRAY

Review #: 385
Date: 09 15, 2013
Great seat for a baby/toddler daily meals. It is very practical, so easy to clean, easy to take every where. It is great product for the price.

Review #: 386
Date: 10 4, 2010
I just received this booster seat the other day and I like it very much. My 2 year old great grandson was here the other day and it worked great for him as a highchair (strapped to one of our kitchen chairs). Today I was babysitting my 16 month old grandson, and in addition to it being a nice highchair/booster seat, it was also a big hit as a safe little seat to set on my living room floor wherein he could just sit (whenever he chose to do so) and watch Veggie Tales (his favorite). Since there are many young children and babies in our family (who are frequently here) it is nice to have this as a backup in addition to our full-sized high chair.  Very sturdy yet easy to fold up to be very compact when not in use.

Review #: 387
Date: 12 26, 2012
My only problem with this booster seat is that it will not work beyond the point when the trays are removed and it becomes just a booster seat. My table top is at the standard height, but the skirt of the table goes down too far to allow the seat to go under the skirt area. The booster does strip snugly to both dining room and kitchen chairs so there is no safety issues. The top sections of the tray are no longer used as a child can take them off too easily so I just utilize the bottom tray. It is a very economical way to have a high chair equivalency that works well and I would recommend this item for that purpose. It will also work well with a table that does not have a skirt to block it from scooting up to your table.

Review #: 388
Date: 04 22, 2009
I took the booster seat out of the box & put the strap over my should & the strap broke loose from the base. Looks like the thread used to seal the strap into the base broke free. I had to redo the strap & secure it.Poor quality to have it break 5 mins out of the box.

Review #: 389
Date: 12 28, 2013
Purchased for my sister's young daughter who is starting to eat some solids and is sitting up well enough to use this. My sister is often on the go and is often going to or hosting family get togethers. This is nice to have because its easy to take with her where ever she goes and the tray topper is convenient to keep her highchair clean until its time to serve food. There are several of my friends and family members who have this product for their little ones because they are just so dang convenient!

Review #: 390
Date: 09 13, 2010
We chose this booster seat to use as our "high chair" for feedings based on the positive reviews it received on Amazon and a limited amount of space available in our dining area. It is a decent choice for us; however, there are a couple of difficulties we've experienced with this seat.The first problem is that, at times, the tray doesn't snap on easily. One side will snap easily, then the other side can be difficult. With a squirmy or fussy baby, this can be frustrating. Not sure if it's a defect with our seat or if others have experienced this too. Luckily, after multiple attempts with position changes, it snaps and is very secure.Also, being slightly above average in height (6' and 5'7) and owning a standard-sized kitchen table and chairs, the booster seat sits so low that we have to slouch to feed the baby, or build up the base to raise the height for comfort. Neither are great options, so beware to taller parents!Besides these two issues, we find this seat a good value. It keeps the baby safe and secure, seems comfortable for the baby, is very easy to wipe down, is easily transportable to use at Grandma's house or at restaurants, and comes with dishwasher-safe divider tray with a cover. Also, for those of you without a lot of space or who just don't want a huge high chair sitting around, the booster chair slides easily under our table (while secured to the chair) when not being used. No one is aware it's there until we pull the chair out. (This is the positive side to the negative comment mentioned above.) Overall, a good product and value.

Review #: 391
Date: 05 29, 2012
Love this! We were looking for an "easy" high chair option. I was checking out super expensive options and was a bit overwhelmed. I ordered this just to see... it was EXACTLY what we needed. No regrets and very excited to have saved a few hundred dollars:)//update: the tray insert got a little warped in the dishwasher (despite being dishwasher safe). No biggie except our 8 month old can now EASILY pry it off and wave it around (fun times!). I contacted Fisher-Price and - get this - they are sending a whole new seat (they didn't have just the tray in stock). How awesome is that?!

Review #: 392
Date: 04 30, 2012
I have twins.  6 months old and now sitting in these booster seats.I read the reviews which were great, but I'm noticing that I've got some issues.The tray snaps really hard on the sides and there is a good chance that baby's arm or fingerscan get pinched pretty badly if they are not out of the way.  Also most of the time I liftthe tab to remove the main tray and it will not unlock from the knobs on the side, I have 2 ofthese chairs and they both do this.The dishwasher safe tray tilts to remove which stinks when you've got cheerios and crackersand other items on it, all the stuff flings off when you remove the tray.Everyone is saying that this chair is so easy to clean, but now you just have to mess with cleaningthe 3 small knobs with crevices on the side that hold the tray in place.I don't know, these chairs are ok, and maybe will work better for me once the babies are older,but in hindsight I should have gotten something with more bells and whistles that has nicerfeatures.  I know this is a booster seat and not a high chair, and my babies are young, so I willgive it a chance and update my rating if it gets better down the road.

Review #: 393
Date: 06 22, 2013
I wish the back was a little higher but that's about it for complaints. Very good product and like the adjustable base.

Review #: 394
Date: 07 23, 2004
I have made some unbelievably moronic choices when it comes to baby gear.  This was definately not one of them!I had originally wanted to just go with an infant to toddler feeding station set up, but then I saw and purchased a Peg Pergeo Prima Pappa out of the PennySaver.  Oooooh, Peg Perego...  Had to have it...I hated hated hated HATED that chair.  It was huge.  The tray was too high.  It had a zillion and one little nooks and crannies to get food into.  I ended up shoving it back and forth between the kitchen and the laundry room for months.  Once my baby really got into eating solids (which he didn't do until 7 months) I fed him in his bouncy, on the floor.  I just didn't want to deal with cleaning that high chair.  Even once he got to be a better (neater) eater, the space issues drove me bananas.I sold it - at a loss - and bought the Fisher Price booster seat instead.I love love love LOVE this little chair.First of all, it goes on our dining room chair - so it takes up no additional space.  My baby fits in it very comfortably - it is just his size.  I can put Cheerios on the tray for him and he can pick them up and eat them (although it does seem he drops and sits in them about half the time, too...)  No nooks and crannies so clean up is easy.  We can easily pack it up and take it to a resturaunt and he is so happy to sit in his little seat, smack the tray, play with his toys, eat his Cheerios - we are able to eat out in public again.  I never thought I would be a germophobic parent but I do appreciate being able to take our own seat along from a cleanliness aspect, too.  This chair is inexpensive enough that if you are lazy, or just like to be prepared, you could even buy two and always keep one in the trunk of your car for going out.I don't really see the point in having the tray insert - the tray is so easy to wipe down but, who knows.  Maybe it will come in handy some time.I do have some concerns about this chair really suiting a child from infant to toddler.  It does not recline, as some of the other boosters do.  However, in my experience, my child really was not ready to eat until he was able to sit up right.  I think that a lot of people force solids onto children too soon, partly in hopes of getting their kid to sleep through the night sooner, partly out of deference to grandparents.  You can always feed your baby in his bouncy, if he needs a reclining feeding seat.It does seem a little small to fit a toddler into, but once the tray is removed and it is used as just a booster seat, it will probably be fine.  I really like that your child can get so close to the table using this little seat.Thumbs up, way way up, for this little seat.  I plan to buy two more as baby gifts for my brother and cousin who are expecting babies in October (not with each other).--Update--I had twins last year and we needed a second booster.  I wanted to get the same one and we went to TRU to get one - but they only had the yellow and orange one.  I did notice it didn't have the extra tray, but I also noticed it cost less.  Since the extra tray was kind of useless anyway, I didn't mind much.  So we got the yellow and orange one and took it home and then I realized the height doesn't adjust like it does for the green and blue one.  Arg, I thought.  Then I thought, does it really matter??  The yellow and orange one is at the same height as the blue and green one when it is in the 2nd/middle position.  So I just put the blue/green one in the second position, set the chairs up next to each other, and let the girls eat.  Works just fine.  I was a little miffed at the cutting out of features but it's nice that the price is lower - and really these features aren't needed.  I'd assumed the blue/green one was d/c'ed when I only saw the yellow but I guess that's not the case.  So blue and green, or yellow and orange - they're both good.

Review #: 395
Date: 08 19, 2013
We loved this chair so much that we bought two...one to keep in the car and one as a lower profile &#34;high chair&#34; in the house.  We have also purchased countless more of these chair to give as gifts for new parents.  The pieces are all easy to clean and the straps keep the chair sturdy on chairs.  We really like the adjustable height function too.  HIGHLY recommend!

Review #: 396
Date: 01 16, 2014
I reviewed this for the basic Fisher Price Healthy Care instead of here for the Deluxe, so you can read that review for more details.It's great and I would recommend to anyone looking for an alternative to a stand alone high chair!

Review #: 397
Date: 03 3, 2014
There are some major pros of a simple booster high chair like this one.- It is easy to clean- It's portable (lightweight and fits on most restuarant chairs)- It has a great tray that can be removed if your child just wants to use the booster and sit at the table- It is height adjustable- You don't have to add an additional footprint to your kitchen with a full sized high chair- The price!The only thing I wish it had was some sort of padding for comfort, but then again it would just make the chair harder to clean, especially if you get pureed foods or yogurt on the chair. Wipe away is probably more preferable than comfort.If you're looking for a complete list of things to add to your registry, visit the website, AllMomsArePerfect.com. In the baby gear essentials category you'll find a stroller shopping guide, crib buying guide, and a comprehensive article about what you need versus what you don't need (especially if you're a minimalist). There's also articles on what to expect at the hospital and during recovery and how to get the most sleep postpartum.

Review #: 398
Date: 03 20, 2010
I needed a booster for my 2 year old and at first wasn't sure if this would be too small, but it turned out to be perfect!  He loves to sit w/ us at the table. I love how it extends three heights, so it can still grow with him.  (he is 27 lbs and 33 inches and he fits great, although he is a little small for his age according to "averages" I think there is def. room for him to grow in this).  He loves the table too--makes him feel like he is sitting w/ us at the dinner table but also has his "special" chair. Very easy to attach to a chair too--we have one w/ a cushion and no problems. Very secure. PERFECT item!

Review #: 399
Date: 12 31, 2012
This is one of the best baby purchases I've made so far.  I decided to buy this "booster seat" instead of a high chair for my daughter.  We waited until she was 6 months old before starting solids, so she was able to sit up on her own without problems.  (I don't know if it would work as well if you are starting solids before baby can sit on her own.)  She has been sitting in this chair since 6 months and has never had any difficulty sitting in it/staying upright/not leaning over, etc.  I love it because it is so easy to clean - there is no fabric for spills to soak into.  No, I do not worry that baby is uncomfortable because there is no plush seating -- how can an infant know the difference?  Plus, she's only in it for 15 minutes at a time.  It is portable and so easy to set up and take down, we always bring it with us when we travel.  I would buy this seat again in a heartbeat, especially knowing that it can transition into a booster seat (without tray) for the years to come.

Review #: 400
Date: 08 17, 2010
This has been a fantastic purchase for us. We've been using it for several months now and it's been great. We use it all the time when we're out. Our son is currently 11 months, and we choose to use this over the booster seat since it's much more sanitary and he wiggles around a lot less. We also use it to feed him outside by just placing it on the ground. It's cheap, durable and easy to clean. I can't see a need to use any other booster seat.

Review #: 401
Date: 03 27, 2014
There are a few items I still would like to improve on the booster seat but over-all, it deserves a 5 star. The posture of my 8 month old baby was great on the chair. The 3 position of the tray (forward or backward) was a great fit and great idea, it has knobs so even larger babies cannot push it forward.I do not understand why the middle strap is longer (not adjustable) but I think it might be a design safety feature that I just don't understand. I really wish there is a way to have the slack of the side straps to be tucked in somewhere since my baby loves to suck on the ends of it.The washable tray was great. I like this better than the one with the toys.

Review #: 402
Date: 06 19, 2012
This thing is awesome. Wish I'd just gotten an ikea dining room chair and used this from the start.PROS:-easy to setup and use - I didn't even have to read the directions-seems comfortable for my 7 month old and plenty of room to grow (I think while we just use this for travel now, we'll use it as her booster when she is ready)-adjustable height is a great option-so easy to clean up-reasonable price for qualityCONS:-Sometimes I have a tough time getting it to feel secure on some chairs - but not a huge deal, and I'm not deducting any stars for this as most of the time it works perfectly.Bottom line - if you ever find yourself wishing you had an extra high chair get this to throw in the trunk! it's fantastic.

Review #: 403
Date: 10 31, 2013
This is awesome for travel and my son loves to sit at the table.  The only problem we have is that he is strong enough to push back and can actually tip his chair over in this.  So we just put him with his back against the wall.

Review #: 404
Date: 12 14, 2012
Our two year old was getting tired of sitting in his high chair, but wasn't tall enough to sit in a regular chair. This booster seat is the perfect compromise. We have it set to the lowest setting and he is able to sit right at the table (without the tray) and eat with everyone else. The straps make it super secure on the chair, but it also seems pretty easy to take along with us when traveling. Great product and a great value.

Review #: 405
Date: 05 19, 2014
We love this.  Lightweight, easy to carry, and fits onto every chair we've tried.  The top blue tray cover is a bit of a nuisance, where do you put it when you don't need it?  It does keep the tray underneath clean until needed.  Potentially you could use this, rather than a deluxe high chair, until you kids is strong enough to start pushing the table with his or her feet, potentially knocking the chair over.  I keep it in my car trunk and it goes with us to restaurants and when we go out to see family or friends.  Coupled with a wipeable bib, it lets her eat with us, keeps the area relatively clean, and she's safe and happy.  So much easier to sit at a regular table and not worry about finding a high chair.  I make reservations for three and have only needed to ask for a change if given a booth and they wont let us put a chair at the end with this on it, although they would let us put a highchair at the end.

Review #: 406
Date: 07 19, 2010
I have used many highchair/booster seats and I have to say that this is one of the best. Good quality product for your money. I love that it can fold down and travel. I will be taking it to Pennsylvania with me from Alaska in a few months in one of our suitcases. I will let you know how it does. I have taken it on road trips and it is so nice. You cant go wrong with this seat.

Review #: 407
Date: 07 16, 2009
We initially bought this booster because we were going to be travelling abroad and had no way to get a high chair to where we were going (expensive, and cumbersome). Bought this on a whim. We thought about bringing the bumbo but didn't want to have to put him on the floor to feed.My son was 4 months, had been sitting up for a bit and enjoyed sitting and eating mushy foods.PROS: Very easy to clean. Quick wipe and done! The cover for the tray is nice since this booster was travelling with us, and it kept the actual tray clean for my son's finger foods. Easily secures to almost any chair. Have not found a chair that we couldn't hook onto.CONS: lots of straps. It's a full size booster seat so it is big.OTHER COMMENTS: It worked so well when we were abroad that now I keep this in the trunk of my car. Whenever we go out to eat, we take this in. It's SO MUCH EASIER than using the restaurant booster. (1) cleaner (2) adjustable size. (My son slumps in the restaurant ones, but since the tray can be adjusted in and out, it holds him up better (3) adjustable height so he can sit up and see the table

Review #: 408
Date: 10 29, 2013
We've been through countless booster seats.  I wish we found this particular brand/model earlier.  We use this in a regular chair with a towel underneath it.  It straps around any sized dinner/kitchen table chair around the bottom and the back.  It is SO easy to transport and fold. With an earlier booster seat we had a rough time taking it with us to various destinations (trips, visits to extended family, on PCS moves, etc).  This one is super easy to fold and transport.  We had to buy two because our youngest toddler was jealous of the older kids booster.  The snap on tray usually gets taken off and thrown on the floor, so we really don't bother with it.  Easy to clean, easy to wipe down, easy to hose off outside if need be.  Love it.

Review #: 409
Date: 03 1, 2013
I got a couple of the chairs you hook onto the table thinking they would be smaller and out of the way when feeding my twins, but they are horrible to clean!  This booster is still easy to keep out of the way (push under the table part way) and is easy to clean!  Also, it catches dropped foor much better than the hook on chairs, so the floor is less of a mess.

Review #: 410
Date: 01 22, 2006
This booster seat is great! We like it so much that we've never even used the high chair we received for my daughter (now 7 months). We use it at home and take it when we travel.

Review #: 411
Date: 10 11, 2013
I like having this to visit with friends who don't have a high chair for my daughter.  It folds up pretty small and I usually keep it in the trunk of my car, to save myself from having to hold a wiggly baby in my lap and try to eat myself at the same time while feeding her.  Clean up is a snap, and I love the tray cover to keep it relatively clean while floating around in my trunk.  The only bad thing is that it's rather small, and my 1 and a half year old barely fits in it anymore, so it's only useful for a short time.

Review #: 412
Date: 07 29, 2013
This is a great seat to leave at Grandam's house.  We leave this seat at my mother's house and it works great when we come over for visits.  It's light weight and easy to tuck away into a closet until needed.

Review #: 413
Date: 11 4, 2013
This is awesome.  We have two, one for each of my children.  We also take these seats with us when we go to events (like sesame street live) so the kids have a booster in the theater seats.  Works great, easy to clean, grows with the child.  Not much more I can say about how great this product is.

Review #: 414
Date: 09 12, 2008
This was great but now that my daughters inside arms are pinched it's going to be someone else's. I loved it at first but the last four times (no matter how careful we are) catches her skin. She's quick, as are most young kids so just be very careful. Other than the pain it causes it's great and I really liked it. I'm sad to be getting rid of it but the pain and tears is too much I want her to like eating not be terrified of her seat.

Review #: 415
Date: 09 29, 2010
This seat is fantastic for people who have a small dining area and already trip over two decent-sized dogs.  It attaches to a kitchen chair and is at exactly the right height for my very large five-month-old to sit at the table - although we prefer to use the tray, since it is easier to clean.  This makes feeding a snap, and the seat fits in our sedan's trunk easily for road trips.  It's not as adjustable as a high chair, particularly height-wise, but it will adjust for girth.  Overall, we're very pleased.

Review #: 416
Date: 06 11, 2014
I returned this seat due to a defective strap (one of the straps that attaches the seat to the back of the chair came out of the seat with the slightest tug). I also did not like that this seat did not fit our dining table chairs. I was surprised about the defect because we've been using the Fisher Price Space Saver chair and have been very pleased with it. This booster seat was supposed to be a replacement for the Space Saver, and as a second chair to use on trips (since it folds, which the Space Saver does not). The tray on this seat is very small compared to the Space Saver. In my opinion it is a far poorer product, although to be fair it is significantly cheaper. In any case, I have returned it and am not asking for a replacement. Would rather find something else.

Review #: 417
Date: 03 1, 2012
exactly what I needed! I don't have space for a full size high chair, this works, plus I can take it with me when we visit family

Review #: 418
Date: 10 23, 2008
We have 4 children ages 5 and under.  We got this booster seat as a gift when I was pregnant with my 3rd child back in early 2002 and we have used everyday ever since.  It is so easy to clean.  It can go in the dishwasher. It is very easily adjustable.  My 3 1/2 year old still fits in it.  We take it if we go to friend's or family's houses for meal times.  It is great because it compacts so easily and is very lightweight.  We also take it when we go on vacation so the children have somewhere to sit.  Our friends use it for their children when they come over too and are always saying how much they love it.  I also use it to let the kids do crafts(play doh, coloring, etc) because the tray just wipes right off when they are finished.  It is a great booster seat!

Review #: 419
Date: 03 8, 2014
We have odd dining room chairs and the adjustable straps make for a perfect fit.  The risers help it fit most heights needed and my kid is very comfortable.  We don't even use the tray.  We just push her right up to the table!  Great product.  I think I will get them for shower gifts.

Review #: 420
Date: 12 22, 2005
If I knew about this product sooner, I would not have purchased a high chair.  Adjustable height, detatchable tray...this seat has/does it all.  Clean-up is a breeze.

Review #: 421
Date: 04 10, 2007
Update Jan 2010: After kiddo #2, I stand by my recommendation!  The "fit" on this seat is so much better than a giant high chair and they are terrific for travel and so very easy to clean.  I recommend it to anyone who asks about high chairs.**********************************We purchased this based on recommendations from other mothers when I was researching high chairs.  We started solids at six months and the fit was great.  The price is affordable -- much more so than most of the high chairs I was looking at -- and the booster travels *very* easily.  At the grandparents, we put it on the kitchen island and he loves being up at eye level with all the adults...try doing that with a regular high chair!Overall, this seat is really easy to clean.  The tray is easy to remove with one hand and shows no signs of stains even after having tomato sauce and blueberries rubbed all over it.  My only complaint is that the straps that hold the seat the the bottom of the chair do not remove for cleaning.  My little guy likes to grab/pull on the straps with his food-covered hands and it can be a bit of a pain to clean them well.

Review #: 422
Date: 07 9, 2014
LOVE this seat.  After buying it I decided I might want something that reclines so also bought another brand of seat as well.  Returned the reclining one since it wouldn't slide under the table so my dining chair had to sit out quite a ways from the table all the time.  Didn't like that.  The baby really didn't use a high chair until she could sit up anyway.  Prior to that we used the infant car seat.  I can see why the reclining ones would be handy if you didn't have an infant car seat or bouncer, but really for me was not necessary and this one is so much easier to use and tote around.  And on the lowest setting it slides right under the table while attached to the chair and no one even knows it's there.

Review #: 423
Date: 01 20, 2014
We purchased this booster when my daughter was a little over a year old and we love it!  She can scoot right up to the table and eat with us (we don't use the tray).  She feels a like a big girl and her behavior at the table has improved.  No more whining to get out and sit in mom or dad's lap for half of the meal.  Booster is easy to clean and doesn't budge in our chairs.

Review #: 424
Date: 06 27, 2013
We've taken the booster seat to restaurants, to visit family & friends and even camping -- it fits great in those diverse environments and different bases.  It also helped to keep him in a secure spot as we set up and prepared meals when camping.  Plus, it sets up quickly and easily cleaned, which is very helpful since he's not the neatest eater.  The product was exactly as advertised and was delivered quickly with good packing.  I'm a satisfied customer!

Review #: 425
Date: 04 13, 2011
I just got it this afternoon and have already used it to feed my very wiggly 10 month old. She sits great in the high chair at home, but wiggles to no end if we try feeding her in our laps or using restaurant high chairs. She's tall and is more like a 13 month old and this seat seemed quite comfortable. She ate without issue and didn't try to squirm out until well after mealtime was over. The risers are super easy to operate and the tray is a great size. This will serve our needs perfectly when we're not at home and I'm definitely recommending it to friends.update (almost a year later): we got rid of our high chair and have just been using this one at the dinner table for several months and still really love this chair. It's easy to remove and put back and takes up hardly and room so you can tuck your chair under the table when the child isn't in it. Our daughter is quite tall and still fits in this chair quite comfortable. Great buy.

Review #: 426
Date: 09 28, 2013
I purchased this before my son was born, and he started sitting in it around 6 months of age, when we started feeding him.  It was easy to clean, although the nylon straps sometimes got food on them.  I spot-treated them as necessary and they appeared to clean up okay.  Fast forward 2 years... I attached this seat to one of my patio chairs on our porch this summer so that we could have family meals outside.  Within 1 month in the summer heat, visible mildew grew on all of the straps...I suppose it was living off of 2 years of food residue.  I cut the straps that went around my son's waist so that he wouldn't be exposed to them, and continued to use it strapless.My brother had the same seat and put his in a storage locker for a period of time.  They had the same issue - black mildew grew on the straps, and they tossed theirs as a result.I suppose any highchair with nylon straps would have the same issue if exposed to heat.  Fisher price is now using a high tech rubber on some of their chair straps, but they cost upward of $100, and you could buy 4 of these for that price.  This chair is a cheap alternative.  Just don't store it in warm places, or use outside in the heat.

Review #: 427
Date: 09 30, 2012
Fits perfectly in our dining room chair, lovely color ( I got the green & blue). Baby loves it. Easy to clean and store. Great for traveling parents. Does not take up extra space in the house. A winner!

Review #: 428
Date: 03 30, 2014
Easy to clean! Easy to put in chairs, I like the height options too. Looking forward to using out and about

Review #: 429
Date: 12 2, 2006
I love this chair and I really don't leave home without it.  It has it's permanent home in the trunk of my car for away from home feedings.  It is so easy to tote around and to clean!  It is lightweight and compact and it looks good too!I have one at my Mom's house too as a temporary highchair when we go to visit.Fabulous product!  I also have the one with the toy table!

Review #: 430
Date: 12 31, 2012
I ordered this for my nephew for his son.  He wanted a high chair but my daughter recommended this instead.  She said it is more versable and easier to carry.  Nice replacement for a high chair.

Review #: 431
Date: 03 28, 2012
We've been using this booster seat for about a year now. I bought it (along withFisher-Price Space Saver High Chair, Scatterbug) because I new we would be eating somewhere else at least once a week every week. It is very convenient, very useful, and very durable. I probably would not use it as our permanent high chair at home, but for going out it is the best option I've seen.

Review #: 432
Date: 03 7, 2011
Although, there are already hundreds of positive reviews about this item I just couldn't help myself to add another one to the list because this seat simply is that GREAT! We love it. I wish we would have gotten it earlier. It's easy to clean, looks great, is out of sight when not in use, and most importantly my son sits great in it and loves it.

Review #: 433
Date: 12 1, 2012
The Fisher-Price Healthy Care Deluxe Booster Seat is exactly what I was looking for!I needed something to feed my niece in. I didn't want to purchase an expensive highchair since I only babysit her once a week. The Fisher-Price Healthy Care Deluxe Booster Seat was the perfect solution.Pros:- Extremely affordable.- Can be used as a stand alone on the floor OR attaches to any chair.- Can be used with the tray OR remove the tray and push up to a table.- Great for an assortment of ages (my niece was 5 months when I purchased it).- Great Quality- Strong materials- Easy to cleanCons:- After repeated removal of the white dishwasher safe tray, it doesn't snap into place well. This is somewhat of a design flaw because it never snapped in the front, only a bit in the back and on the sides. My niece grabs the front and pulls it up. I don't like this, but it isn't the end of the world. You don't need the tray for the seat to be functional.Other than the minor con, I have no complaints with this product. It was exactly what I was expecting, and worked better than I could have hoped!

Review #: 434
Date: 10 15, 2012
I love this booster!It fits our average (maybe even smaller than average) sized kitchen chairs when other similar products did not.Easy to clean, easy to use, works perfectly, etc... Honestly, no complaints.I highly recommend it for anyone living in a small space. I also recommend it for anyone who is looking for a chair that will last a long time. I bought my first one when my baby was 6-months, just starting to sit at the table. She's now almost 3-years-old and still fits in it and it is in like-new condition. I purchased a second one for baby #2 and it's holding up just as well after 7 months of use.Great item! In fact, one of my Top 10 Must Have Kid Items!

Review #: 435
Date: 10 19, 2012
This is the second fisher-price product I have bought on amazon that arrived in bad condition. I am so very disappointed because I was getting everything together for my child's first solid meal and opened up the box to clean it. Once I took off the plastic wrap I could tell right away this was a used product. its scratched up pretty bad and there is dirt in the scratches. At first I thought it was just minor dirt from the factory but then I turned it upside down and the little feet underneath it are filthy and show clear signs of being worn down. I guess when someone uses it and decides to return it, amazon just repackages it and sends it to another unsuspecting person.  I would give zero stars if I could

Review #: 436
Date: 12 29, 2013
We have two large and one small dog, and were worried that a stand-alone high chair might get knocked about.  This seat is portable, easy to clean, and never in danger of being tipped over.  It straps to the chair and still slides under the table.  We store the tray in between the seat back and the chair.  We do not use the white tray or the green lid.Our daughter is now 8 months old, and knows that the chair means FOOD,  It's nice that we can bring it places and she will still know what is going on, because it's familiar to her.Be careful about the little fingers getting pinched though!  We had two pinching incidents, but now our daughter has learned that when we put down the tray and say &#34;Hands up,&#34; she gets her arms out of the way.

Review #: 437
Date: 05 9, 2014
Who needs a big bulky expensive high chair? This thing words perfectly. The plastic is easy to clean off, its cost effective, portable and didn't add an entire new piece of furniture to our kitchen

Review #: 438
Date: 12 21, 2012
This seat works great for my 9 month old son. I wanted something &#34;cheap&#34;, but nice for my mom to use when my son is at her house. This works great and was a great price. Can't go wrong if you are looking for something inexpensive.

Review #: 439
Date: 07 28, 2013
I bought this for my grandson, 6 mos so just sitting on his own. Was looking for something that would not take up a lot of space, and that would work at the kitchen bar.This booster seat has 3 heights, and when placed on a barstool (secure with back) can be adjusted to just the right height - enables him to hang out in the kitchen when we are cooking but not be underfoot. And enables him to eat at the counter with the rest of us.Just what I was looking for!

Review #: 440
Date: 01 15, 2005
I like the fisher price full size version of this high chair. I actually returned our first one and went back and bought the fisher price healthy care highchair. I bought this and I love it. It had a removable tray that's great to put in the dishwasher and I also like the cover that goes on the tray to keep it clean. It has 3 height adjustments so it fits any table and has a 5 point restraint. The only thing I would like to see is a carrying strap because when you're trying to carry baby, diaper bag,and this chair...it gets tricky. I would still recommend this.

Review #: 441
Date: 07 17, 2012
Well we bought one of these about 8 months ago and LOVED IT!  We decided to take it over to the grand parents and there it stayed!  lol  We've bought another one for our home because we liked it so much.  We don't even use the strap to hold him in unless the front tray is removed.  Our son is pretty laid back though and not much of a squirmer. lolOne word of warning...  The off white removable tray WILL stain with red sauces like spaghetti sauce, so I recommend removing it and using the brown main tray if that's an issue for you.  It will stain the brown as well, but it's not as noticeable.  Both will become more and more faint over time if you don't reintroduce more red sauces.  Honestly, it's not an issue to worry about IMO.Well made, safe and looks good!

Review #: 442
Date: 04 2, 2013
We purchased this to keep at my parent's house since they live in a different state.  My wife and I now wonder why this is not our primary high chair.  It is simple to use, clean up, and is easily trasportable.  You do have to give up a chair to attach this to but that is not a big issue.  If we were to do it over again we would have just bought this as our primary.

Review #: 443
Date: 05 14, 2014
We are very happy with this booster seat.  Started training our baby girl to sit at the table with us when she was about four months old and she took to this very well.  We had to prop her up a bit with some rolled up towels on the sides, since she likes to lean over and watch our dog underneath her.  The trays pop right off after feedings and we just run them under hot water with some soap or use wipes and they're like new.  Same with the seat.  Only thing that's hard to clean are the white straps, but not a big deal.

Review #: 444
Date: 03 20, 2006
My son is just about 8 months old now and I figured I would jump online and start reviewing some of the products I have used. When I was pregnant, I found the reviews helpful, so I thought I would add to the feedback....Not a necessary item, but definitely a cool one. Travels easy and is easy to set up. For those of you who don't want your baby mouthing the table at a restaurant or the handles of the restaurant high chair or visit relatives with no children, this is great.

Review #: 445
Date: 10 19, 2010
This seat secures nicely, is easy to stow, is convenient for everything from dining halls to the home kitchen to great-grandma's house.  Gender-neutral color, cleans easily (the tray cover AND removeable inserts are awesome.)  I like that it can also be used as a booster.  The tray is VERY easy to snap on and off (for an adult), and doesn't accidentally slip off when the child is in.  Very affordable, and appears sturdy enough to last through several kids.

Review #: 446
Date: 03 10, 2012
I bought this to keep at my mother in laws house for my son because we are over to see her quite often. I didn't want to buy a high chair to keep at her house because of the cost and it would just take up too much space so I did some research and came across this and decided to try it out. I am absolutely pleased with this seat, it's very easy to keep clean, affordable, fits to all different types of chairs, and comfortable.We keep this at granny's house and it's very easy for her to store and it's so light that she can handle it well.This is a wonderful product and I don't know what we would have done without it!!!

Review #: 447
Date: 07 16, 2013
I've tried a ridiculous amount of highchairs and boosters. Seriously, a ridiculous amount. Expensive ones, cheap ones and everywhere in between. All different brands of highchairs, boosters, even the ones that hook on to the table. Ironically, this is the one I use all of the time! The simplicity is it's genius. SUPER duper easy to clean. Easy to adjust the height- I made it taller whenever I fed them, then, when they got older, I lowered it to where I can slide them under the table to eat like the rest of us ;) This was especially nice since our table has a 3&#34; skirt all the way around and it was really difficult to find a booster that would slide under. It's also REALLY easy to just fold up and take along with you to the grandparents or wherever. Just take my word for it, if I could go back in time and just buy this and not throw away money and stupid expensive chairs, I'd be a much happier and richer person. LOL!

Review #: 448
Date: 05 29, 2013
I think I bought five different portable highchairs before I found one I liked.  This one is easy to carry, sturdy, cleans up nicely.  My search ended here.

Review #: 449
Date: 02 28, 2011
I really love this booster. My ONLY complaint is that it is very easy to take the feeding tray out of the regular tray. So easy a baby can do....my son thinks it's wonderful fun to reach across to the front of it and pull the tray up. Because of this I've decided to just use just the tray part that snaps on. It's a little bigger to clean but way less headaches.

Review #: 450
Date: 05 12, 2009
I recently purchased this for my 15 month old daughter and I wish that I would have bought this much earlier!!!  We had previously lugged our full-sized highchair to family member's houses and I wish that I would have had this.  It is fantastic!  It is portable, durable, and adjustable.  It is convenient to keep in the trunk of my car so that I have it where ever I go.  Highly recommended and a great gift idea for any new or expecting parent. A MUST HAVE!

Review #: 451
Date: 11 10, 2006
This is a great product--sturdy and portable.  It saves me having a big highchair in my small kitchen.  It's easy to clean (most boosters have lots of cracks which collect food), and it has a removable dishwasher safe tray cover.  Don't waste your money on something more expensive.  It folds easily for transport or storage, and it comes with a nice cover to keep the tray clean during transport.  My only complaint is that my toddler found it too small as he grew and wanted a bigger seat.  Would be perfect if they made it a little roomier and got rid of the leg divider.  Does not tilt, so not for babies.

Review #: 452
Date: 04 1, 2013
Works like a charm. Easy to carry, set up, clean. My daughter loves it at 8 months old and our niece loves the booster seat at almost 3. Great purchase.

Review #: 453
Date: 01 25, 2014
When we were over my moms my daughter didn't have any place other than my lap to eat. My mom doesn't have the space for a big high chair so I ordered this one for her. My daughter loves it and really enjoys eating her food there. Didn't give it 5 stars because my 10 month was able to remove the top tray without a problem, so now she thinks its a game. So we have to remove to top tray since if we don't she removes it with food on it and it gets every where.

Review #: 454
Date: 04 8, 2014
I've tried a traditional high chair and a hook on highchair but this is by far the best.  Don't waste your money or space on any other high chair!Pro'slight weighttakes up little spaceportable/ travels (can be placed on a move seat, football stadium chair if it folds down, a regular chair, the floor, a bench, and just about anywhere else you can think of.)it has a flat tray which is larger and a smaller tray with a cup holderit has a blue snap on lid to protect the trays, you can also leave food in there and place the inner tray with the lid on in the fridge for a bit if needed ( I wouldn't leave it there longer than a day maybe, but if the kid doesn't want to eat ATM and you don't want to do more dishes...meh)

Review #: 455
Date: 02 18, 2008
I bought this seat when I was pregnant with my second child because I couln't pick up my toddler anymore and because I wanted him to be seated while eating. I used to put it on the floor an he liked it right away. Now I am attaching it to a chair and he loves it either way. I don't know what I would've done with out it!

Review #: 456
Date: 07 9, 2013
My kid spends a lot of time at grandmas, and we needed another highchair for grandmas. We decided to invest in this instead of a full blown high chair and are very happy with it. Its very easy to take out too.We bought the Deluxe Booster seat, but I think we would have been happy withFisher-Price Healthy Care Booster Seat, Green/Bluetoo.Note: I would not use this as a permanent replacement for a highchair - its only as sturdy as the chair you strap this on. My son can rock this back and forth (he is 10 mo) on his own - its fine for something temporary since we don't leave him on it unattended - but not more than that.

Review #: 457
Date: 08 27, 2011
It's great not to have the extra piece of furniture around the dining table. Chair is comfy and easy to clean.I didn't even try to use the white tray because of the other reviews on how easy it is for the kids to throw it on the floor.Bought an extra one to keep at grandmas.

Review #: 458
Date: 12 29, 2013
I bought this for my 12 m old- now 17m old.  We have used it for 5months and still love it.  I have no use for the cover or the insert now that he has figured out taking it out!  I have used two link toys to anchor the tray insert down- one link on each side and that works.  I just don't bother with it anymore though :)  Pros: its small, compact, and fits in a chair at the table.  Sturdy tray that's small enough for the dishwasher.  I can't think of any cons.....  I will say, I read many reviews on this chair before buying it.  A lot of review said its the only high chair you need.  I'm not sure about that.  It was great for my 12m old, and maybe for 9m and up...but I cant see a little baby sitting in it.  Not enough support I would think.  Oh, and my son had no problems with the seat being too small.  He fits great even with a bulky cloth diaper.  the tray has 3 positions, and he is in the middle one.  He is a little smaller than average, but I think the bulky diaper would make up for that.  I highly recommend this product!!

Review #: 459
Date: 11 4, 2013
use it a lot for my 1 year old's meals.  I actually throw the entire seat in the washing machine and wash it on the hottest water I can and even throw bleach in there and it still looks great (the colors, including the strap have all stayed at 100%, no fading or bleaching).  I actually don't use the white top tray or the green part; I use the blue one so often I have to take it off and clean it anyway by hand after every meal.  I throw that part in the dishwasher and so far so good (about six months of at least once a day super hot water).  Everyone told me to get one you could put into a chair so it wouldn't take up a lot of space like a fancy one and they were right.

Review #: 460
Date: 08 22, 2011
This may be one of the greatest baby product inventions ever. We have a big highchair and it is currently collecting dust, because we would rather use this one.Pros:-Small, Compact. Fits on our chair and can slide under the table when folded.-Easy to clean. No cloth to clean in the wash or plastic cushion to get gross. When it gets really messy you can just take it to the tub and hose it off.-Easy to travel with-Child loves to sit at the table with everyone-Durable. It has tumbled a few times and no damage.Cons:-We have not found any yet!

Review #: 461
Date: 07 3, 2007
I bought this booster seat thinking I was still going to want a "real" highchair for my 18 month old. I starting using it while I shopped around for something better. Guess what? I never found anything better! I bought and returned several conventional highchairs from local stores. They were either too big, the tray was ridiculously huge, tray didn't snug up close enough (cannot overstate how important that is), etc. This booster seat is amazingly perfect.

Review #: 462
Date: 12 3, 2013
It replaced our rented high chair and serve the purpose well, at home as well as when we travel! great buy!

Review #: 463
Date: 06 5, 2014
We got this seat since we have a small kitchen and have heard from other friends that their full sized high chair took up too much space.  The tray is easy to remove and clean (dishwasher safe too) I can get DS in and out of the seat fairly quickly. I like how securely it fastens to our chair at the table.This booster folds up nicely and can easily be taken with you if you plan on going out to eat.  The only downside with this is they  tray can become loose with little hands. My lil guy somehow got his fingers btwn the white tray and the blue tray attachment and couldn't get his finger unstuck and started to cry. I couldn't figure out what was wrong until I looked down. I will be vigilant of that next time we use it, but otherwise, really great system.

Review #: 464
Date: 01 14, 2005
This item is better than great! I use it all the time. Its nice b/c it has a cover for the tray so when its being stored it doesn't get dust or other ickies on the eating surface. It has a removable (and dishwasher safe) upper tray which makes clean-up extra simple. It has a height adjustment. I like this more so because on the floor he can be raised up instead of with his legs straight out. It fold up nice and has a handle. I bring it with me when we go to eat and when we go to any friend's house. He uses it everyday to eat... moreso than his highchair. I know this item will be used for many more months and with the tray adjustable to three widths even my chubby baby can use the tray part for a while longer before we use this solely as a booster seat.Therefore, to sum it up, you would be silly not to invest in this item! Enjoy!

Review #: 465
Date: 04 28, 2009
My baby just didn't want to sit in her hair chair anymore....and it seemed ridiculous feeding her in there when she likes to eat 'with' us. This booster seat is perfect...attaches securely with almost no adjustment to the straps, wipes down like a breeze, and adjusts to accommodate a big belly. The red complements my dining room decor too. Perfect solution if baby is just too big for the high chair.

Review #: 466
Date: 03 27, 2013
The chair comes ready to use out of the box.  It was easy to secure it to our dining chair, 2 simple adjustable, locking straps (one around the bottom of our chair and the other around back of our chair).  It is easy to put the baby in and take him out of the chair.  And he can not escape the secure seat straps.  The tray is small enough that he can reach his hand held foods, he is just learning to self feed so it is nice that he can not move items out of reach.  It is also easy to clean up.As far as the removable tray and cover, those I stored away. The baby learned quickly to unsnap the removable tray, so to keep him from dumping it off on the floor, I just use the seat tray.Another plus, this chair is easy to remove and store away when the baby is not here.

Review #: 467
Date: 08 19, 2012
Love this chair. Before our daughter started solids, we actually began using it as a seat to sit up and play in on the floor, to have her near when we ate, or for her to get a new perspective when playing under the hanging toys of her activity mat and when wanted to sit up more (instead of getting the Bumbo chair). Now we use it for its intended purpose and it's nice and compact to take to restaurants. Also, love that is not a huge eyesore that takes up too much space.

Review #: 468
Date: 09 9, 2013
this is easy to clean, doesn't take up space and can travel easily with you. We like it a lot.

Review #: 469
Date: 06 24, 2014
The seat buckles are on the bottom part of the bum on this one, unlike the red version.  Id ont' like that becuase my son can lean all the way forward.  He wouldn't fall out but it still seems dangerous because he can lean over a lot farther.  I have to always keep the tray in to make sure he doesn't lean over so much.

Review #: 470
Date: 10 30, 2013
What's not to love about the Fisher-Price Healthy Care Deluxe Booster Seat? It's easy to clean with a wipe or two. It folds up nicely so you can easily stow it away the car trunk when you're eating out. And with adjustable table settings (for that growing little pot belly), and height settings, it grows with you.When we are eating out and ask for a high chair, as a concerned parent, you have to wonder where it's been and what they've been cleaning it with. With this booster seat, you can alleviate that fear. You can use it out, or use it at home, the adjustable straps on the side make it easy to secure this booster seat to any adult-sized chair (though we've also used this in booths at restaurants, and while it's not as secure, works just fine).And to top it off, it's affordable. For a product that has this much utility at such a low price point, it's an easy purchase to make.

Review #: 471
Date: 12 28, 2007
I got this as a gift for a friend. She has a big baby and he fit well.  Its very easy to clean and it folds down so you could take it with you somewhere.  I like that the tray comes off and you can stick it in the dishwasher.  A good pick if you have a child that is growing out of a high chair but not quite there yet.  I think a skilled child could climb out of this if not strapped in.  It hooks on the kitchen chair well.

Review #: 472
Date: 12 8, 2011
This booster seat is great for space limitations and also for smaller babies who aren't ready for a big highchair yet.  My eight month old granddaughter is petite and it fits her perfectly.

Review #: 473
Date: 11 3, 2010
We didn't even own a high chair for our baby, and I see no reason to spend the big bucks or give up the space required for high chairs. Plus, high chairs usually have cloth cushions which I do NOT understand one bit! We were happy using this instead. I love that every bit of it is easy to clean (the only non-plastic part is the buckle straps, which yes those get messy too sometimes). And I love that the white tray is removable and dish washer safe. I wish it had multiple white trays to switch out while the other is in the wash, but oh well. Some seats are hard to snap the tray part on and off... we were going to buy a different seat but pulled it out of the box at the store to try the tray and it was SO hard to get on and off. We tried this one and it was easy, so we ended up getting this seat instead and I'm glad we did. We also tossed this chair in the car to take along if we were going to someone's house- it was very handy.

Review #: 474
Date: 09 22, 2013
I am very happy with this purchase!  I wish I would have bought it when my son was even younger.I was going to purchase a different booster seat that was recommended to me, but some people recommended this one, and i'm so glad I went with this one!  it is great because it is so easy to clean, can be used with or without tray (we use it without any tray, pulled up to the dining table with us), and my favorite part is that it has adjustable height so it will grow with him and he doesn't have to be so low right now.  it also straps under the seat, around the back of the table chair, and the child is strapped in with 3 point harness.highly recommend!

Review #: 475
Date: 04 22, 2011
When I registered for this when I was pregnant, some of my friends told me that it wouldn't really work as my main feeding chair for my son. I decided to try it out for myself before going the traditional high chair route. My son is 9 months old now, and I have absolutely NO REGRETS for getting this chair. I started giving my son solids at 5 months when he was first able to sit up independently. I didn't need to "cushion" the chair in any way. He always seemed very comfortable in it. The other more expensive "space saver" highchairs also seem like a waste of money to me. It's so easy to strap him in and just pop the tray on top. We love having him sit with us on the table and eat while we do. If he was in a bigger high chair, I would have to stand up all the time to feed him. But with this, I can sit next to him and feed him.I received the "deluxe" edition before I saw this one and I recommend the basic one instead. The cover that comes with the deluxe edition is useless, I put it away and never used it. And the extra tray is also not useful, because I usually end up washing both pieces together anyway. It's very easy to clean. I also have seen lots of people complain about the other space saver high chairs that have straps that go across the shoulders. The straps will definitely get dirty and are very hard to remove and clean. With this one, the straps go around the waist and under the table, so they never get dirty.I love this so much I bought one for my mom's house. I look forward to using it through his toddler years, and later, when we can remove the table and bring him closer to our dining table.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!

Review #: 476
Date: 04 25, 2014
We got one for our firstborn and he uses it strapped to the chair at meals and on the floor, while watching cartoons for snack time. We ended up getting a second one for Grandmas house because they are so cheap. Great quality too! When the laziness takes over, we just throw the trays and messy buckle straps in the dishwasher. The adjustable height lets you transition this from just-sitting-up-and-eating-solids to I-can-feed-myself-with-a-fork.

Review #: 477
Date: 08 6, 2013
in small for kids this is a small seat that could accommodate them in any place on a chair, high chair, carpet or on the kitchen cabinet or dining table. also my kid feels this a lot comfortable then one of the other chairs that she has. the material is good. easily washable and dishwasher safe.

Review #: 478
Date: 06 9, 2014
I bought this for my brother's family. They were living with my parents for a few months due to family health issues, and their baby was quickly outgrowing his bouncy chair. They didn't want to invest in a high chair when they'd be moving across country in a few months, so I picked this up for them.  The baby, 6 months old, loved it and they loved it because it allowed the baby to sit at the table, the same height as us, and enjoy the dinner time while giving mom and dad a chance to eat, too.  They said they might not even buy a high chair they like this so much. The baby does need to be able to sit up by himself for this seat to work.

Review #: 479
Date: 04 15, 2013
So easy to use, and very secure.  Baby and parents love it!  Color is great also. I was only disappointed with 2 tiny black dots on the seatback.  Not worth exchanging for a pristine one though.

Review #: 480
Date: 04 6, 2013
Bought this for my 6 month old as we are working on starting solids. He really likes to sit in it, the first time we tried it he smiled really big! He likes to play with small toys on the tray. It hooks easily to our kitchen chairs or can be used on the floor. I also like that the tray is dishwasher safe. Of course, food generally finds its way to other places besides the tray, but it is easy to wipe clean. For the price, especially, this is a great product.

Review #: 481
Date: 10 9, 2012
I am like most everyone else who has reviewed this seat in that I loved it. I will keep it short and sweet.-Very easy to put on a chair nice and tight (we have heavy chairs so he seems pretty snug and safe)-No padding and comes apart easy for easy cleaning. The tray is even dishwasher safe-It was hard for my tall and thin 4-month-old to sit in it at first as he would tip over, once he got stronger it was smooth sailing.-We have the red one, and the color is nice-The price is very good, too.Our baby likes it and we like it. The whole crew is happy. I would recommend trying this before a high chair because of the ease of cleaning it and the price.

Review #: 482
Date: 03 10, 2014
This highchair works great for my 20 month old.  It straps right to any chair and she is happy as pie to sit and eat in it.  Without the tray, it even pulls under the table enough to allow her to eat right &#34;at the table&#34; sometimes which thrills her to no end.  Perfectly priced too.

Review #: 483
Date: 01 20, 2011
I purchased this chair when my boy was 8 months old. he is now 14 months and has plenty of room to grow. (24 pounds). It fits in any chair, takes very little space, very easy to asemble and easy to clean too. I even boutht 2 of them. One is in every day use, and the other is in the trunk and is used at my mother's and any friends house..absolutly perfect!

Review #: 484
Date: 11 23, 2013
I love this thing. We take it everywhere with us. My son has no issues sitting and eating in it. The build is sturdy and it is adjustable to a point. Plus is straps on securely to the chair that you put it on so, it's safe as well. The plastic is good quality and the top tray is dishwasher safe. If he rest of the chair gets dirty, I just hose it down and done.

Review #: 485
Date: 07 24, 2011
This is a fabulous booster seat.  I own a few of them and keep buying more.  It is easy to clean, sturdy, and very durable.  It is a fabulous booster seat, even without the tray, so it can be used for years for one kid and shared among multiple children.  It is lightweight, easy to transport, and the tray can be washed in a dishwasher.  I cannot say enough good things about the product.

Review #: 486
Date: 03 10, 2012
My daughter absolutely loves this seat. I put it in the kitchen next to the "adult" table and she can participate and enjoy family dinners and have her own space, too. And I do not have to worry about her tipping or reaching for anything. I took it to our friends' place and also to the restaurant. It was very convenient. It's very light and easy to transport - it folds in seconds. I love that it can be strapped to any chair and it it can be cleaned very easily.

Review #: 487
Date: 12 6, 2011
I have read tons of reviews before I chose this booster chair. Fortunately it was a good choice.My baby looks comfortable in this chair, it is easy to use and clean. She was almost 6 months old when we ordered her chair and it still makes me smile when I think about it how happy she was when she first tried it. :o)We do not use the little tray because she knows how take it off but I do not mind that.She is 28 inches tall and her weight is 20.5 lbs now and she still has plenty of room to grow.

Review #: 488
Date: 03 26, 2013
We ordered this booster because the one we had did not fit under our table. We had a Fisher Price Space Saver and while it was great for when our child was younger, it just didnt work for us as she got older and needed/wanted to sit at the table. The arm rests were not removable and I could not get the chair close enough to the table due to the lip the table has.Anyway, so I was looking for a small booster that would get her high enough to reach the table but that would also allow us to push her up close. This one works great. We hardly use the tray but the attachments are great and do come in useful when we need them. The height adjustments don't make a huge difference but they do allow for a couple more inches to reach those taller tables like ours. This chair also folds up nicely and we have taken it with us to restaurants a couple times as well. I like that it is all plastic so cleaning the mess off is a breeze - just a wet/soapy rag is all you need.I would recommend this for anyone looking for a useful booster that does not take up much space or require a lot in the cleaning dept.

Review #: 489
Date: 11 13, 2013
Great seat, and bought at a great price. Easy to use and clean. Straps easily to most chairs. Love the portability.

Review #: 490
Date: 03 11, 2014
This is so much easier, and smaller, than purchasing a high chair. Also great for traveling. Once my little one grew out of his bumbo chair he was ready for this one. I use a plastic mat underneath the chair to keep things clean.

Review #: 491
Date: 12 29, 2012
I purchased this for my grandson to use when he visits.  It's okay when using it for a small child, but as he has  grown, we find that it is a little snug and he is small for his age at 2 1/2.  The concept is great and stores compactly.  I think it would be great when travelling or when going out to eat.  It's certainly more sanitary to place your child in this seat and use the attachable tray, rather than placing him in a restaurant supplied highchair or booster seat and using the common table. Even with the chair being a little on the small side, I would definitely advise purchasing this chair for the occasional use.

Review #: 492
Date: 01 12, 2014
Haven't use it. I bought it for my 2 months baby boy^ but it looks so cute and good quality

Review #: 493
Date: 11 20, 2011
This booster seat is great! It's compact and fits securely on different types/shapes of chairs. There are two straps to secure it to the chair - one strap buckles under the chair and the other strap buckles behind the chair. I started using this for my son when he was 4 months old; he is now 7 months old. It's compact enough to be convenient to bring to grandma's house or a restaurant, however, it's pretty bulky to fly with.

Review #: 494
Date: 11 16, 2013
This is one of the best purchases that we have made for my son. We have used it from about 9 months to now 2 years and we take it to restaurants. It is much easier and cleaner to use the attached tray than to use a high chair and restaurant table.

Review #: 495
Date: 04 11, 2013
My wife and I love this seat, it is easy to use, the height is adjustable, and it's easy to take anywhere. It is by far one of the best booster seats we have ever bought.

Review #: 496
Date: 02 19, 2014
We ordered this to sit at our breakfast bar as we eat meals there sometimes. As so as we got it we stopped using her traditional highchair, she prefers this seat. It is so portable and love that it has 2 trays and doesn't take up additional space. This chair may not be comfortable for young ones sitting in chairs for first time but our daughter (18 months) loves it.

Review #: 497
Date: 11 20, 2010
This high chair does its job and is an inexpensive alternative to other high chairs with the stand. Its portable making it easy to take along when visiting friends without kids and can be attached on any dining chair (no fold-able chairs as highlighted by another reviewer). Space saver and portable its also colorful and very easy to clean.

