Review #: 1
Date: 07 19, 2014
Our three month old LOVES sitting and jumping in his jumperoo!  He loves to kick his legs and this is the perfect toy for our active baby.

Review #: 2
Date: 08 5, 2011
We bought this for our daughter for her first Easter present- she was almost 2 months old and a little too young to really appreciate it, so it sat, collecting dust in the corner of our living room.  Once she hit the 2 1/2 - 3 month mark, though- whoa- she discovered the joys of jumping!!!  She loves to play with the sun and the spinning lizard and jump until she gets little blisters on her poor little toes (she got them even on carpeting, so we remedied that by putting socks on her every time she goes in it- I highly recommend doing this).  She spends upwards of 20 to 30 minutes spinning, jumping, burbling, and drooling to her heart's content in her jumper- and it allows me to get some cleaning and laundry done too!  Even when we are holding her she tries to bounce and I think it has really helped to strengthen her legs and help with her balance.  Definately money well spent:)

Review #: 3
Date: 10 6, 2011
We purchased this as one of several jumpers for our infant triplets and this was by far the favorite even against the Evenflo ExerSaucer. The kids loved the colors and toys.  This jumper also gives more mobility than others that only allow the child to jump up and down in place.  Often times when the babies got tired would rock back and forth rather than jumping.If you do not have a lot of space in the room where you plan to use this be careful because the ring at the base is quite wide.

Review #: 4
Date: 04 19, 2013
My 4.5 month old loves this jumperoo! I got it shipped internationally all the way to India after I read the rave reviews and I wasnt disappointed at all! I propped a couple of blankets under her because her legs didnt reach the floor and after around 2-3 days she learnt how to jump which was the cutest thing ever! Its just been a week but I can tell this is gonna be a sure hit!

Review #: 5
Date: 10 8, 2013
My son loves this jumperoo.  At 3 months, he had a hard time reaching the ground, but we placed the lid to a paper carton underneath and he finds great joy in bouncing to create light and sound.  It won't be long before we can remove this and he can bounce on the floor.  As he grows there are two additional settings to adjust to for his height (3 total).  Assembly was fast and easy.  I do find that the base is a little flimsy when moving around the room, but it doesn't seem to affect the function of the product, so I did not grade negatively for this.  I have found that my son now prefers to be in an upright position and we are able to use reclined toys like swings and bouncers less.  This gives him the support he needs while he is working on sitting upright on his own.

Review #: 6
Date: 03 30, 2011
My son is enjoying his jumperoo so far. It has quite a few toys to keep him occupied and the assembly is fairly simple. It does not break down too much, if you want it out of the way, but you can always take the top off of the base fairly easily to get it to fit somewhere smaller.I gave it four stars instead of 5 because the little blue elephant snapped back and pinched my finger when I tried it out, I had read another review that said it could do this. If it can take an adult by surprise, 2 actually- it caught my brother as well- it will definitely get a baby. I had to unwind it a couple of times to get it loose enough to not snap. It didn't seem like it would come off, I pulled on it pretty vigorously, but I still can't recommend that anyone else do this because of unidentified safety hazards. If it had snapped my son this toy would be getting 2 stars.Also my son is 25 inches tall and 17 1/2 lbs and his feet don't touch the floor yet on the lowest setting. We put some padding under him so he could reach the floor to bounce.Other than that it seems pretty safe and sturdy with lots of fun for babies.

Review #: 7
Date: 06 27, 2012
First I would like to suggest better instruction for assembling this product. I did have some trouble putting together the seat cushion as the pictures truly do not offer much help. Besides that, my 3 month old is really beginning to enjoy being in this jumperoo. I ended up putting a pillow under his feet as he is a tad short to reach the floor still. It's very colorful and stimulating, he even likes just sitting in my lap and looking at it. The bird and the frog hanging should be placed lower so they could be reached easier, and I am not sure if the little creature with wings is supposed to stand up since ours just flaps over and he cannot see it to play with it. Overall it is a good product that I would recommend.

Review #: 8
Date: 11 14, 2011
This jumper is a great size and has lots of fun gadgets for baby. Our 13 week old absolutely LOVES it! It stretches out after a few days, so she went from needing a pillow to stand on, to a thick folded blanket. She also needed about a week to fall in love with it, now she's figuring out how to spin herself to all the stations. The spinning wheel that plays different animal sounds is her favorite.

Review #: 9
Date: 11 23, 2007
My 7 month old has had this for about 2 months now, and he loves this toy. It never gets old! Sometimes he tires himself out jumping, and falls asleep in it...which is adorable! I have also found that if he is really sleepy, and fighting going to sleep, I can put him in this and he is out within minutes, and I can take him out of it after he's been asleep for a few minutes and go put him in his bed without him waking up! He loves all the toys on it, especially both the parrots. He also loves it when I hold his legs up while he is in it, move him around in circles, and tell him he's in a flying saucer! =)

Review #: 10
Date: 11 8, 2011
I had read the reviews for this product, so I knew that generally it is a big hit with babies -- still I was shocked at how much my daughter loves it.  She's 5.5 months old and can't quite touch the floor at the lowest setting, but I just put some books underneath her and she's off and bouncing.  I was also excited that it was so easy to put together - no screwdriver needed and I managed it in about 10 minutes while watching my daughter.  It does take up a lot of room, but I'm not sure how you could really have it be much smaller and still be so stable, so we'll deal with it.

Review #: 11
Date: 01 27, 2013
Our child loved this from a very young age.  Some days he would bounce himself to sleep from excitement. The adjustable straps work well for changing as your baby grows taller. Having the removable and machine washable seat is nice and the rest of it wipes up very well with cleaning wipes.  It doesn't travel very well, but does collapse a bit for moving it.

Review #: 12
Date: 01 3, 2013
I bought this for my 5 month old son. I was a little scared that he might have to wait to use it, but he loves it! The toys keep him entertained and it looks like its age appropriate. I would highly recommend it!!!

Review #: 13
Date: 04 16, 2014
I have a jungle jumperoo and both my baby and I love it. I enjoy that she can turn herself to get to all of the different toys and that toys are fixed.One of her jumpers has toys that come in and out and they get lost or have sharp edges. It is a lot of fun to see her get excited about jumping. I can turn music on and off and change the song and volume these are great for me because we have jumper time when I am doing laundry or dishes and sometimes I have to hear the sounds for 20+ minutes. Variation is good. Of all of the jumpers we have tried this is my favorite! Ours was a hand-me-down and is still in great shape!This toys is long lasting, well made and grows with your baby. Right now we are on setting 1 which is closest to the ground. There are 3 settings so the product can grow with baby.

Review #: 14
Date: 06 23, 2008
My 5 month old absolutely loves this. Definitely worth the money. I wish Fisher Price would make a rainforest walker. Easy to assemble, easy to keep clean and loads of fun. You will not be disappointed.

Review #: 15
Date: 07 23, 2011
Cute item, works great, he jumps a lot in it and it keeps him occupied for a bit while i cook. Great price on amazon and free 2 day shipping too because i signed up with amazon mom. Love that program!!!!!

Review #: 16
Date: 01 22, 2010
My babies (like most) don't like to lay down all day (who wants to stare at a ceiling all day). My older son loved this thing, which was great because I needed him upright to keep pressure off of his head since he had plagiocephaly. My second son is now using this. He's 3 months old and normally only wants to be held, however, he sat in it for the first time today and he happily stared at the frog hanging above for 30-40 minutes. He was really happy in there and it was nice to get my hands free knowing he was having fun.

Review #: 17
Date: 02 25, 2013
After searching around to buy a used version of this jumper and not finding one I gave up and bought it new from amazon.  I hate spending any amount of money on stuff like this because your child really is not in them for long - my son is just old enough to use this at 5 1/2 months old but the rate he is growing I doubt he will be able to use this for many more months.Pros - The toys are really fun for him and he seems to like it for short lengths of time (15-20 minutes max).  I think it helps him feel a bit independent, he figured out quickly he can rotate his seat by himself to get a better look at mom or his big brothers or to play with a different toy.  He also seems to enjoy bouncing around and when he gets fussy he does this "mad bounce" that is just adorable.  This product is bright, cheerful and was very easy to assemble.  I also like that this is not mobile like a walker, which I just think can be dangerous.Cons - This thing is quite big and takes up a fair chunk of space, even when it is "folded up" (which is kind of a joke if you ask me).  It is also pricey for a toy that he will only use for about 4 months of his life.If you have the extra cash and space in your house, this isn't a bad investment.  It is very engaging for your kiddo and maybe will give you a few breaks from your l.o. throughout your day.  I would buy again (though I would prefer to find a nice used one instead).

Review #: 18
Date: 01 5, 2011
My baby has always had pretty good head control from the start, so at 3 mo she can sit in her Bumbo seat for an hour and play without oozing into her own lap. Since she also has strong legs, we knew she'd love this jumperoo. We have the kind that hangs from the door frame as well (Graco) and she likes that a lot. I put her in that in the morning while getting ready since I have it on the door frame to the bathroom so she can watch me- and I can watch her. But I wanted something a little more exciting for her to play in during the afternoon/evening downstairs (the door bouncer doesn't really have a good spot to put it in on our main floor).At 3 mo, she's obviously not going to be playing with EVERYTHING this exersaucer/jumper has to offer all at once. There is a TON for her to slowly explore and play with though, I feel she will grow into it well and find it continually interesting. She is VERY pleased with herself when she jumps enough to make the sound and lights go on. Right now she focuses primarily on that section of the jumper and is fixated on the little swinging monkey and parrot. She also likes to twirl the rattle-drum, that also elicits music and sounds to her delight. She likes to grab the bug on the noodle-like stalk. She also just discovered there is an adorable frog hanging over her head (so cute!).Space-wise, it's a monster, but it's not so unsightly to be embarrassing. It does fold up slightly smaller with ease, which is nice to stuff it into an available corner of our living room. She seems very safe and content. No areas to squish tiny, exploring fingers. Since she is a little young and her legs aren't the length of a 4mo old, we place a large floor pillow under her so her little footsies can reach to jump. Also, there is lots of good padding on the chair portion to prevent her from whacking her mouth or head on anything during her excited wiggles and jumps.Overall, COMPLETELY worth the purchase- she's happy playing in it while I can get dinner going, etc, and it's something she will easily use for many months to come. Glad we got her in it so early!UPDATE:She is now 7 months old and STILL loves to bounce all crazy in this! She reaches for the dangling frog and parrot and uses all of the spinning, rolling, rattling gadgets! We call this her control center.

Review #: 19
Date: 04 27, 2014
This is such a good jumper, my 6 month old granddaughter loves it.  We purchased a 2nd one to have at my house.  It does adjust up and down, but she is a little too short yet.  We just put a pillow under here so she can bounce.  It's great entertainment for her.

Review #: 20
Date: 12 28, 2012
I bought this for my then 3mth old. She was standing up on our laps a lot and thought that maybe she would love to have something she could play in while standing. At first she was a little hesitant with the flashing lights and music but before long she was jumping up and down and grabbing at the toys. She's tall enough that we had to move it to level 2, but she's not well... fat enough to fill the seat up, so we put a baby towel behind her. If we didn't, she would lay back and tuck her hands into the seat. She gets a little spooked by the hanging bird/frog sometimes when she bounces too high, but its cute. Great toy, so happy I bought it!

Review #: 21
Date: 12 18, 2013
This is a very expensive disappointment. I'm a bit shocked reading other reviews also, is my 4/5 month old the ONLY one that is super board and not finding this toy amusing whatsoever? The first time I plopped her in she was around 3 months, the good thing is it has a high back so it supported her nicely. The sad thing is, the toys are all kind of unreachable (she can barely touch the floor in this, however I did give her a little boost with a book to see if it would help) but the toys just plain stink. The elephant doesn't even face her, and to turn it requires more force than she has (it's hard for me). The music is annoying and there is basically 1 tune it plays. There is a little tiger that is supposed to &#34;pop&#34; up when you push the button, well he barely moves out...slightly does the tip of his head raise up. I want to know who designed this and if they still have a job, it's pathetic and obviously designed by someone who doesn't have a child. The only thing my baby liked was to look at the lion and she laughed a couple times but was over it pretty fast. There are a few wheel type things to spin, one just has colors on it, and the baby can't reach and she doesn't even care to look at it when I spin it. The butterfly attachment is shown in the picture standing straight up and it is not like that at all- it's this limp thing that unless she's holding it just lays on the bottom. Blah, waste of money, I try to get her to sit in it, but she just slumps there looking miserable and I take her out after maybe 10 minutes. I hardly believe this many people rated it so highly...makes me wonder how true these reviews are.

Review #: 22
Date: 08 11, 2008
My Son LOVES this Jumperoo and I love it a bit more! This was a good investment as my son hates his swing and is very energetic and alert. He is almost four months old now but has been using this since he was seven weeks. It took him a few minutes the first time but once he realized he could jump, he went wild. I also like that this product allows baby to turn around in his seat, so I don't have to position it a certain way. You will not regret this purchase.

Review #: 23
Date: 02 17, 2013
My daughter has been using this jumperoo since she was about 4 months old (she is now 6 months) and she loves it.  She jumps and screeches (happily) and turns herself around and around. The toys are great and she loves the lights on it. We can also hook some other toys onto the leaves to give her additional items to play with.  This is one of the best purchases we made and I highly recommend getting one.

Review #: 24
Date: 01 14, 2013
Every toy in the market has pros and cons. There's never a toy that fits all. Long story short, we got this jumperoo after reading the 1000+ 5 star reviews. We put our LO in it when she was 3mths old - she was too short for it then, and so we put a pillow underneath for support. But soon, she grew to be tall enough. At 6mths now, she's too tall for setting #1. We're moving her up to setting #2. So the height of this jumperoo was never an issue for our LO. See below list of pros and cons:Pros:Very cute Rainforest themed design - our baby loves to look behind at the eyeballs on the back cushion!Back cushion support/paddingStrong spring for fun jumping actionReasonable size - if it's too small, it will not hold up or provide enough safety supportColorful, entertaining toysCons:Out of reach toy - The blue rainforest frog is super cute, but unfortunately, it is positioned too high up making it impossible for baby to reach it. Our LO loves it so much, so we remove the entire leaf and give it to her. The frog is her fav teether. Same problem with the toucan, but good thing, she didn't ask for it as much.Twisted elephant - The elephant is adorable, but sadly, it's twisted the wrong way showing only his back to our baby. What in the world could the designer be thinking? It's wound up too tight for baby to turn it around easily. Doesn't encourage baby to play.Bad, annoying music - we usually turn it off because the animal sound plus the repetitive music in the background is just too much for all our ears. LO hates it too.All in all, I'd still buy it again. Word of caution: Putting baby in and lifting baby up could be tricky due to the tight space and leg opening. When putting baby in, be sure to check and make sure their legs are fully inserted into the leg openings before sitting them.

Review #: 25
Date: 12 7, 2007
I bought the Kolcraft walker, this jumperoo, and a Baby Einstein exersaucer.  If you're wondering which I'd buy again, it's all three for diff reasons.The jumperoo was easy for my son to adjust to, he loved the music, and he loved the toys. In the beginning, and for many weeks, this was his favorite. However, it didn't last the longest.I'm glad I got the walker and exersaucer to rotate him in and out of. They were equally good and they both have entertained him over a longer period than the jumperoo. But ... watching him jump and laugh and amuse himself independently EACH DAY for several weeks was worth the $[...].I should warn parents that the music infiltrates the brain and if you don't love it, you'll be annoyed. So maybe try the baby in the in-store product to be sure you aren't pestered too much.Then you can buy online for cheaper (unless there's a store sale or you have a coupon). I bought online to save $$ and a week later it was in-store for the same price, go figure.

Review #: 26
Date: 08 23, 2011
I love this Fisher-Price Jumperoo and so does my daughter. This has helped her strengthen her legs and helped her stand. She just bounces like crazy in it. Great product, would recommend.

Review #: 27
Date: 03 6, 2013
I read reviews on several jumperoos.  I kept going back & forth between this one and the Baby Einstein.  We decided to get this one, because at the time it was cheaper and still had great reviews.It was very easy to put together-less than 5 minutes. Once we got it together, we put our son in it and he loves it!  There are plenty of things on the tray area to keep him entertained.  The springs are covered by fabric and I can't see anyway that he would pinch his fingers.  The seat is great because it keeps him up-right and he doesn't &#34;tip&#34; or lean over while reaching for the toys on there.I love the fact that there are 2 levels of volume for the music that plays.  After awhile, the monkey sound can get annoying, but it's low enough where it doesn't bother you too much.  LOL!My son has also sat in the Baby Einstein Jumper.  What I don't like about it is it's bulkier than this one.  It takes up more space.  I also didn't like the bigger/wider seat.  He tended to lean in it whereas in the Fisher Price one, he stays straight up!I would not hesitate in buying this product for your little guy or gal!

Review #: 28
Date: 05 27, 2008
I bought this for my first grand baby with a little apprehension. But it turned out to be a great decision. He loves it. He bounces up and down to turn on the music and loves to play with all the stuff that he could manipulate at various stages of development from about 3 months through about 9 months. He is now 10 months and at 25 pounds over the weight limit. He did enjoy it for a long time though.I wish the weight limit was heavier, because he is not walking yet, but was a good safe spot to put him for a few minutes so he wouldn't crawl into trouble, and he doesn't get tired of it as quickly as a infant seat type chair, (which he won't even go in for a minute or a saucer which his is sick of the toys ... he manipulates them without even looking now) So I think all in all it a nice idea, just wish it would get him to the walking stage (I guess 30 pounds?)

Review #: 29
Date: 04 13, 2014
Our 5 month old daughter absolutely loves this thing. She started using it when she was just 3 months old. Mind you, her feet don't even come close to reach the floor, even with the jumperoo at its lowest setting. Initially we put a pillow under her feet. Now she uses layered rubber alphabet mats, and we remove a layer as she gets taller. She might reach the floor at 6-7 months or so. The seat does an excellent job of supporting her, even back when she was 3 months old and didn't have the best head control. As she's gotten older, this toy has become more and more fun for her, to the point where she looks forward to it every day.A couple of observations regarding some of the other reviews I read on here (I read tons of them before deciding to buy this thing):- a lot of people complain that the elephant is facing the wrong way and hard to turn. The elephant is SUPPOSED to be facing the wrong way, the idea is for kids to turn him towards them, and then he swings back when they let go. There are animal sounds that get generated which correspond to most of the animal toys, including an elephant trumpeting sound. When that sound happens, I turn the elephant toward my daughter so she can associate it. I admit that the spring in the elephant is initially way too stiff for most children, but IT'S ADJUSTABLE! Just raise the elephant a bit and make him do a full clockwise turn, and voila, the tension is relieved. Now any kid can turn the elephant when they hear its sound.- I read some reviewers who claimed that their jumperoo came unhitched from one of the springs, causing their child to fall out. There's one such review in particular which has been pasted on here and many other reseller and manufacturer web sites, mostly verbatim on each one. Honestly, after seeing how this thing is hooked up, I can't understand how it could come unhitched accidentally. I suppose it's possible if the child jumped up way too high and the thing was set too low to begin with. Those reviews scared me a bit, but after seeing the attachment mechanism, I no longer have any concerns.- Someone mentioned that this thing could harm development of a child due to the impacts. That's ludicrous. Besides, our daughter spends at most 30 minutes in there, always supervised. I enjoy playing with her while she's in there. It's a fun activity we can do together.

Review #: 30
Date: 06 28, 2013
We first got this jumperoo two years ago for my daughters first Christmas.  She was 7 months old at the time.  She enjoyed the seat and used it occasionally but it was never really her favorite.  She was just beginning to crawl and was more interested in moving around on the floor.Now with my second daughter we were able to get this seat out for her when she was first big enough to fit into it, which was around 3 months old.  She has absolutely loved it from the first time we put her in it.  Sometimes she'll jump as hard as she can, while others she'll just pull at some of the toys while resting in the seat.  It is the first thing I'll put her in when I have to get something done.I've decided I think the big difference between my two girls is the ages in which they started using the product.  My first daughter was old enough that jumping wasn't as exciting for her anymore.  She had other ways of moving around and it just didn't keep her attention enough.  Therefore I think this is probably best up until your baby really starts to crawl around and be more mobile.  My daughter is 6 months old now and not quite crawling yet so she is still really enjoying it.  It is a product that has a fairly limited time span for a child, but I think it is worth it for how much fun they have with it.The product has held up really well after being taken apart and put back together between children.  The quality is great and it still looks like new.  I'm sure I will be able to use it again if I have more children in the future, which helps to make it worth the somewhat steep price.

Review #: 31
Date: 02 15, 2008
My 5m old daughter really enjoys this jumper. I have it placed by my eliptical machine and we "work out" together for 20-30 min at a time.  I really do wish it was more portable though.  Once you assemble it you are not going to want to move it.  It's large and heavy and clumsy to try and move.  If you want something you can move room to room I would suggest an excersaucer of some kind that will slide on the floor.  If you are going to assemble it then leave it in one place then this would be a lot of fun for your little one.

Review #: 32
Date: 11 13, 2010
We started putting our son in his jumperoo fairly early because he was tall and he wanted to stand all the time. At first he'd just kind of stare at everything. Then he realized he could grab the toys. Finally he realized he could jump and he's been a jumping fool ever since! He jumps like crazy and plays with all of the toys. I love that the seat spins around so he can decide what he's in the mood to play with. I can't tell you how many pictures we have of our son in this toy with a big grin on his face!

Review #: 33
Date: 05 27, 2007
This is great for babies. My baby loves it. she jumps herself to sleep sometimes.

Review #: 34
Date: 09 16, 2012
This is a true must have for infants three months to eight months+.  Our daughter graduated from the play mat and we had no idea what to get her next, but ran a bunch of searches and came across this and the other jumparoos.  Our day care also had a number of jumparoos, although not this one.  In comparing them, the Rainforest wins easily.Yes, it takes up quite a lot of space.Yes, it is extremely colorful and won't go with modern living room decor (if that's where you place it, like we did).Yes, it only plays two types of music so you may tire of the sounds after a while.But the important thing for us is that our daugher ADORED it.  She would happily sit in that jumper for an hour while I got ready in the morning, ate breakfast, cleaned up, and then played with her.  She was typically happier in the jumper than in my arms for the first few months.  In addition, there are a number of different "toys" scattered around the jumper and my daughter would cycle through them on her own.  She really enjoyed the spinning aligator and both of the dangling toys (it took her three months to finally catch the tucan(sp) but WOW was she happy when she reached it!).Our daughter was about 24/25 inches when we first bought this and we had to place a game box under her feet so she could bounce.  She's now about 27 and we've moved her into the second rung of sizing.  I'd say she gets less joy out of the toy now as she finds it too confining, preferring to sit and crawl on her own on the floor. It was still very worth it for the five months if daily use.

Review #: 35
Date: 11 26, 2012
Purchased the Fisher-Price Rainforest Jumperoo for my 3 month old daughter. At first she was too short to actually bounce but she loved to sit in the jumperoo and listen to music and watch the lights. As she has gotten bigger she can now jump up and down and spin herself around in the rotating seat. She loves the lights and colors and sounds. She likes to grab onto the different pieces at each station. It can be a little tricky to get a squirmy baby into the seat but once she is in there she has so much fun playing in it. Amazon had a great price and Free shipping so I couldn't pass it up and am glad we bought this. Would definitely recommend.

Review #: 36
Date: 01 9, 2011
Our baby really likes this jumperoo, she is almost 8 months old. She loves the spinning toys, and the lights and noises. She also loves the fly toy on a cord (loves to chew on it especially.) She doesn't really jump in it yet (we have only had it over a week), but she lightly bounces and sways and spins around from toy to toy. She is short and is on the lowest setting (below 1) which her feet touch just fine. The seat is not too small for her as other people have said, but you wouldn't want it too loose if your baby is going to jump around in it. It is not difficult to take a part or put together but it is difficult to carry to another room while it is fully connected. I do kind of wish the noises were less sensitive to movement so that they would only go off when she jumped, they even go off when someone walks by the jumperoo.

Review #: 37
Date: 12 30, 2013
What's to love...StabilityColorSound or notBeing able to turn to different stationsComfortInterestJumping action to develop those little leg muscles

Review #: 38
Date: 06 9, 2007
This is an excellent, quality toy. We got it for our son at about 3 months. He is almost 4 months now and he just LOVES it. I do too. It is colorful & eye catching bright reds and greens mostly.At first our son loved to make the lights go off, and make it make noise. then he'd reach over and mess with the roller rattle. Next he noticed the small plastic toucan, monkey and elephant. Now His favorite thing by far is the stuffed toucan overhead He is also noticing the beautiful frog. He has discovered the little plastic rolling sunshine. This toy keeps him entertained longer & longer.Of course, he loves it best when he is receiving our praise and attention as he plays in it.  My baby loves to grab things and has found the polka dot bug to be invaulable. The different size settings mean he will enjoy this toy for sometime.It is safe too.The seat is comfortable, supportive and soft.the surrounding plastic ensures little fingers won't get pinched. the springs are covered, safe and look like baby jungle vines.I am sooo glad I got this and think it is well worth the money. It makes him smile, coo, and laugh. I highly recommend it especially if you have an active baby who loves to move around. It will save a lot of wear and tear on your arms. :)The ONLY reason I haven't given this a 5 star rating is because of the sound effects. they are fun for awhile. On the baby activated shorter setting, he likes it maybe 5 minutes. The longer setting is just too much though. It plays the music constantly and makes lots and lots of animal noises with every move he makes and it quickly reaches overkill for both of us. But he loves this even with the noise turned off. So that being said I'd buy it again knowing how the sounds is, but there is room for improvement in this area.

Review #: 39
Date: 05 12, 2011
I have to agree with some other reviewers, that this toy is probably more suitable for older babies. My 4-month old spends max 15 minutes in the jumper. Although she likes to look at the toys, they are far outside her reach, so she prefers me to hold her close to the jumperoo rather than being in it. My daughter is very active for her age, she loves to jump and stand (with support, of course), so I really wished this jumper would've worked out for her, but it looks like we have to wait a few months and see if she grows into it.

Review #: 40
Date: 04 12, 2012
I really didn't want to buy all of the plastic baby gear, but my baby liked to jump up and down on me so much that I thought he'd like a jumperoo.  We have no door frames in our house, so I couldn't do a jolly jumper.  But in hindsight, I'm really glad I couldn't.  My baby has been using this jumparoo for the past 4-5 months now (since 3-4 months old maybe), and it's grown with him as he develops.  He first learned to jump (and jumped he did).  Then he discovered a few of the toys.  Then he discovered how to turn himself around to get to the other toys.  And then he discovered the hanging monkey and frog above.  He loves the thing. The toys really keep him occupied. When he gets bored with one toy, he'll move over to the next one.  Then do a little jumping.  Then on to a different toy.  He's teething, so uses the hanging moth as a teether.  I absolutely adore this jumper, and would absolutely unconditionally recommend it (the only thing is that it's big.  But even if you're in a tiny apartment, make room for it.  It's worth it).  I'll also say that my in laws bought a similar one for their house.  It was not nearly as good... It was also FP, I think the Luv U Zoo Jumperoo, and it wasn't nearly as good as this one.  The seat seemed smaller and he wasn't as interested in the toys.

Review #: 41
Date: 04 7, 2014
My baby is 5 months old and in the 75% percentile for size for his age group. The leg holes on this jumperoo are so small that I can barely cram his legs into them, even though he only weighs 19 lbs. When I lift him out of the jumperoo, it is difficult because he legs want to stay in there, and the entire fabric seating section gets inverted in order to pull him out. This jumperoo is suitable for infants who have good head control but cannot stand on their own yet. Unfortunately, because my son already barely fits into the leg holes, I think we will only get a month of use out of this thing before he is too big for it :-(.

Review #: 42
Date: 06 25, 2008
This is a great GREAT item to have for a toddler.  So MUCH more than an exersaucer, this toy actually promotes standing and jumping.  The music is fantastic.  each toy on the jumperoo is fun for small children and easy to use. My girls laugh out loud as they jump up and down.  I'd give this thing ten stars except for one problem I have with it.  It is VERY hard to load your kid in.  I thought I was the only one who had trouble with this, but all my friends seem to have the same issue.  We love it once our kids are in it,but getting them in is hard.  Other than that I recommend it highly.  Best of its kind on the market

Review #: 43
Date: 02 4, 2008
Logan received his rainforest jumperoo for Christmas. He was only 3 months old at the time, but he loved it already! Now he is actually strong enough to jump around and turn the seat around to play with all of the toys. It gives me some much needed time to straighten up the house. The music and lights are awesome and it is so cute. The height adjustments are great so he'll be able to play in it for a while. Also, the top part with the leaves and the hanging parrot and frog are a nice touch. This is the best toy our son has and I'm soooo glad we bought it. (Oh, and I got ours at Wal Mart and it was only $69...you might want to buy it there!)

Review #: 44
Date: 03 1, 2013
This was super easy to assemble and my daughter loves it. She's petite so she doesn't even touch the ground yet, but the toys, lights and wiggling are great for her. It's a little large, if you had a small apartment I would say this is not for you. Otherwise it's fantastic!

Review #: 45
Date: 01 22, 2010
First off, I love how the music plays for 5 minutes, and it is easy for my baby to make enough motion to get the music to kick back on. We've been using this jumper since before my daughter was 3 months old (she was holding her head up steady since she was a month old and was perfectly capable of sitting in the seat - granted she sunk in a bit at first and didnt yet have the motor skills to reach & touch the toys). I like the toys except for the color wheel that spins it seems rather boring, but I think the other selections are stimulating & easy for her to play with.It is not terribly awkward to move around, which is nice.At 4.5 months she figured out how to jump in it and will usually jump the whole time she's in it. However it seems sometimes she gets upset from all the jumping but can't figure out to stop herself so she'll start whining while she's jumping.

Review #: 46
Date: 05 15, 2012
My baby LOVES LOVES LOVES this jumper.  She has been using from 6 months old to 10 months old.  She jumps and bounces all around - loves chewing on the chew toy the most so my only change would be to get a jumper with more toys that can be chewed on.  The problem is after 4 months of use one of the springs broke!! It's covered so baby couldn't be injured and I called fisher price and they arranged for me to send back the broken pole and would send me a refund check.  The problem is the whole process to get the check back take 6 weeks!! YIKES!! Who wants to wait that long for a replacement toy that works!

Review #: 47
Date: 03 4, 2014
i got this for my 4 months baby , and he loves it ... he keeps jumping and playing in it until he gets tired

Review #: 48
Date: 08 31, 2012
My nephew LOVED this jumperoo!  He would jump himself into nap time.  The fabric is washable, and the seat looks like a cute animal face when you pull them out.  Because of the time, energy, and durability of this toy, it was a Must have when I had my baby.  COMPLETELY Worth the Purchase!

Review #: 49
Date: 01 11, 2013
Got this for my 6 month old twins. May have to buy a second one. This is their favorite toy bar none! They will spent several hours a day in this. It was super easy to assemble, took me about 20 minutes by myself, I am not the most technical person around so it may take others less time. I also like the fact that it can fold up for storage, however this jumper gets so much play time, I have yet to bother to put it away.

Review #: 50
Date: 07 1, 2013
If my baby were the one writing this review, he would give it 10 stars if he could! He LOVES it. No other toy or activity makes him as giddy as he is when he's in the Jumperoo. He's been using it since he was about 3.5 months, and appears to constantly discover new things about it. He will happily jump around or just sit and play with the toys sometimes up to 45 minutes. It's amazing.I love it too. My only complaint is that I wish there were more options for adjusting the height. We use a padded tray underneath his feet right now, and it seems to work.

Review #: 51
Date: 02 12, 2014
I read a lot of reviews on other bouncers and jumparoos and was terrified by all the horror stories of them tipping over and such. This jumparoo is awesome and sturdy. My twins love it! They can turn all around in the chair and love the bounce. Stays completely put on carpet!

Review #: 52
Date: 11 24, 2011
I love this jumperoo! We do foster care and have both this jumperoo as well as the precious planet one. The rainforest is my favorite because I feel it keeps the children entertained longer. My kids all love jumping in the jumperoo! They stare and reach for the animals up high on the leaves, and when they jump, they love the noise it makes! It sings different songs, and has buttons to change the volume. I love that if needed replacement parts are readily available! We have yet to need any but its nice to know if something happened I wouldn't need to buy a new jumperoo!It comes apart easily for storage, and has lasted me through 7 children, it works great and is still in excellent condition!I start using the jumperoo when the child can sit up on its own. I sometimes tuck a blanket in around smaller children to help them stay upright. It really helps them build leg strength and walk sooner than other children of the same age. They start getting bored with it when they become more mobile around 8 or 9 months, but I still have 12 month old children who love it! sometimes even my babies who can walk love to go in the jumperoo and jump while playing with with toys! They also stand around the jumperoo playing with the toys on it. Most children seem drawn to the rainforest jumperoo even though the precious planet one is in the same room. Im assuming its the vibrant colors!we haven't had any accidents, and I feel confident that this is a very safe product but please remember you should never leave a child unattended in any sort of entertainer.We purchased this quite a few years ago when it was well over 100 dollars, at 70 dollars this jumperoo is a steal! most consignment places still pay you 30-40 dollars for it when you bring it in after your child has outgrown it!

Review #: 53
Date: 04 10, 2014
We bought this for our son for Christmas, when he was 4 months old. Ever since then, it has provided hours of delight and entertainment. He loves it and shrieks in excitement whenever we put him in the jumper. The adjustable height allows it to grow with him, and there are plenty of toys, colors, textures, and sounds, to keep him amused and stimulated. The music isn't anything I'd choose to listen to on my own, but as far as music on a kids' toy goes, it's better than average.

Review #: 54
Date: 02 11, 2014
Our 5 month old loves this thing and just bounces to his heart's content.  But why isn't there a true off button for the sound?  We and our dogs bump into it all the time and it starts the music...not a huge deal but considering it eats batteries, I'd like to be able to turn it off!

Review #: 55
Date: 02 12, 2014
We purchased this jumperoo for my grandson's use.  His little legs give the thing a real workout.  To say he enjoys it is an understatement.  I would recommend its use at around five months old, when babies are able to somewhat sit up with assistance.  With the adjustable spring straps it should remain entertain him for quite some time.  Thank you Fisher-Price.

Review #: 56
Date: 01 8, 2011
My daughter likes her Jumperoo ...all though I belive she likes her bright star activity center a little bit better right now. It is really hard to tell though. All in all I am really happy with this product ...as a bonus it was really easy to put together.

Review #: 57
Date: 08 13, 2012
Initialy, we were gonna go with the baby Einstein bouncer, until I read all the reviews that said the electronics didn't work properly or broke easily. So we went with the rainforest jumperoo, and have been very pleased. It was easy to assemble, easy to adjust the height, and has a variety of activities to keep baby boy busy. He's Spent many hours I using this toy. My only criticism would be that it does not fold, store, or transport easily.

Review #: 58
Date: 08 31, 2011
My baby (5 months) loves this jumperoo. He will happily spend 15 minutes playing in the jumperoo and he concentrates really hard on all the great spinning toys. The product is sturdy and should last a long time.I'm glad we bought this. However, there are some flaws:1) I find the seat to be fairly small for my baby (who is 20 pounds-- 5 pounds under the weight limit for this product). It is very difficult to get my baby in and out of the seat. When I put him in, his feet often get caught in the seat and don't easily drop down into the leg openings. It is difficult to hold my baby in the air with one arm while trying to get his feet through the holes with my other arm. I wish the seat and the leg holes were larger or at least adjustable.2) I wish Fisher Price (or any company) would make a version of a jumperoo that uses non-toxic and/or organic toys. These days everyone is buying BPA-free plastic and yet there is no mention of the plastic in the jumperoo toys being BPA-free. The only jumperoo toy that my baby likes to try to put in his mouth so far is the "insect/butterfly" toy. I have removed this toy and replaced it with some other non-toxic toys that I already had.3) I wish there were more than 3 height settings for the jumperoo.

Review #: 59
Date: 09 14, 2013
I originally purchased this second hand for my second child and absolutely loved it! It was very easy to put together. I loved the fact that everything came off so you could clean it. It was a little bit of a pain to get the seat part off at first but once you figure it out it's not too bad at all. The batteries generally lasted a long time. She used it pretty much from when she was about 4 or 5 months old (with a pillow under her feet) until she was 9 or 10 months old (when she was able to walk), but she would still climb in it on her own at times until we got rid of it. It was a great investment and I am hoping to get another one for our next baby who will be here in January!

Review #: 60
Date: 05 31, 2012
My baby's eyes lit up as soon as I put her in this thing. She seems comfortable in the seat and can reach all the toys on the tray. Love it!

Review #: 61
Date: 02 26, 2013
My son received this for Christmas this year from his wonderful Grandparents at three months!  To say he loves it is an understatement-it is his favorite even after having it for a few months.  He cries to be put in it and when I try to take him out he screams.  It has provided hours (yes, hours) of fun and entertainment for our little guy.  The seat rotates so he can watch what is going on around him while he bounces away. It brings us so much joy to watch him bouncing and giggling in delight.  There are times he bounces himself to sleep in it due to his refusal to get out of this toy.  This bouncer is great because it has several toys attached that my son really enjoys playing with and the music (which can be turned off) makes my son so excited.  We have no complaints other than he likes it to much and cries when we take him out.

Review #: 62
Date: 10 5, 2012
we have this along with theFisher-Price Fold 'n Stow Swingand theFisher-Price Rainforest Bouncerso our baby would have some variety.  the jumperoo is my son's favorite because he can see what's going on all around him and move freely.  the sound is very audible, but not obnoxious.  i loved watching my son discover all the features for the first time.  he's just now coming into the phase where he wants to touch anything and everything.  the frog liner is removable so it can be laundered, but it is quite the ordeal to take on and off (i always put a bib on my son before i put him in it).  i would highly recommend this jumperoo to any new parent!

Review #: 63
Date: 09 2, 2012
My daughter began to enjoy her jumparoo between four and five months.  She likes the lights and enjoys sucking on the floppy bee toy.  She loves to stand, so this is one of the best ways to keep her entertained if I need to set her down for a few minutes.Edit - I felt the need to add that at 6.5 months, my daughter was no longer entertained by the jumparoo.  She preferred to move around on her own and didn't like being restricted.  Because of the short duration for which it entertained her, and the relatively large price tag, I'm reducing my original rating.

Review #: 64
Date: 06 14, 2011
I bought this after my daughter fell in love with an activity center while visiting family.  I figured, why not get one that bounces/jumps, too?  Plus it doesn't seem as dangerous as the jumpers that hang from doorways.It was easy to put together, and even better, it looks like it'll be pretty easy to take apart.  I'm not sure all the toys will snap out easily, but the framework is very easy to put together/take apart, which is great, since we're moving shortly and I'd like to take this with us so she's got it while we're waiting for the movers to show up with the rest of our stuff.As soon as I put her in the jumparoo, my daughter went to town on it!  She had a blast checking all the new toys out, and figured out how to jump and spin very quickly.  She loves this thing, and I love watching her laugh and squeal in it.  The only drawback so far is that the hanging parrot and frog are just barely out of her reach even at the lowest setting, and she's well within the weight/height range for this toy.

Review #: 65
Date: 02 23, 2014
This thing does not get my approval.  I noticed my 4-month old was only using her left hand to play and became fussy.  I looked to maybe adjust her to another boring toy and noticed she spun and her right arm became stuck between the elephant ear and spinning harness and was turning red.  The elephant does not spin in a way to easily dislodge a child's stuck arm so I had to calm her and slowly spin her the opposite way while stabilizing her curious hand and freed her arm.  This is by far the most boring, single tuned baby hazard I have seen in a while.  The activities make your baby have to look over the edge of the spinning insert for a limited view of fixed elements to apparently explore.  It plays one boring tune and makes her fussy.  I do not recommend due to the hazard issue I experienced and glad she got fussy to realize what was happening and I was sitting with her the whole time...it has enough room to get an arm in to be stuck and not enough room for a curious baby to easily remove said stuck arm without potential harm.  Do not buy this boring safety hazard.

Review #: 66
Date: 12 1, 2013
Works great for that age when you need them contained for a short time and yet can keep busy with toys and jumping. Was a short lived toy for my son who was walking by 10 months!

Review #: 67
Date: 05 19, 2014
I got this for my daughter as it is supposed to give lots of playtime.  It seem'd like the jumperoo was good for the period of time when the child out grew the exersaucer.  For a while, she would play with this for about 15-30 minutes but then was tired of it.  For me, she rarely will play in it now.  I hear from other parents, sometimes this works for months and sometimes for only a short period.My daughter is now 30&#34; tall.  I've got this set on height #3 so I'd say she could play in this for another inch and then she will have outgrown this.  If you have a tall child, this is a good item given the height it works until.  The toys have worked well.  I can't understand how a child is supposed to be able to twist the elephant but most of they toys are loved.

Review #: 68
Date: 05 3, 2013
My baby boy fell in love as soon as he tried this Jumperoo on. He was 5 months old that time. Now, he is 9 months old and still loves it.  He cracks up as soon as I put him in even when he is in a bad mood. He looks like as if he was a little dancer.This Jumperoo is also very helpful especially when baby has too much energy that parents can&#8217;t handle.  ;-)I can brush my teeth or go to the bathroom without concern for my son when my husband is out. This is a safe and yet inexpensive, considering how helpful this is for busy parents.If you love to see your baby laughs, then this is a must have.  :D

Review #: 69
Date: 03 18, 2009
We got this as a shower gift and our daughter LOVED it.  She out grew it quickly because she's tall but still she had a great time jumping around in it when she could.Do not buy this for $[...] online, these things can be found at any [...].  If you don't mind a used one then look on Craigslist for a nearly new one for much less.  While this is a great toy, it's not worth almost [...]especially since you don't know how long you'll use it or if you baby will even enjoy it.

Review #: 70
Date: 08 9, 2011
What we loveWe purchased this Jumperoo for our four and a half month old. She loves it and we love watching her have fun in it. One of her happiest picture moment was in that jumperoo. This really gives us a break as she can spend up to an hour just jumping and playing with the activity center.  We love that it easily spins around 360 degrees by her own effort to the different activities. If it does not, make sure that it is clicked in properly. It is adjustable so it grows with her, and as the weeks go by, she is learning how to play with the different activities. It has several settings where one plays music only when she activates it by jumping, thus giving a cause and effect lesson, one setting is a continual play and you can also turn the sound off which is really nice after listening to it for half an hour. It also has two vouume settings. Would definitely highly recommend it.Don't love1. We have had this for six weeks now. On one occasion my baby's hand got firmly caught between the elephant and the frame.  However, it only happened once and she is in this thing several times every day and it did not seem to hurt her. But then I also caught it immediately.  She is a small baby with small hands so I figure it probably would not happen to a baby with fatter hands.2. One of the toys in the activity center is a drangonfly that just lies limply in its place. I was disappointed to find that it did not do anything special, the wings were not crinkly and it was mostly out of sight as it just hung down from the activity center. My daughter usually does not see it and pays no attention to it. It is pretty much useless.  However, there are enough activities to keep her interested.

Review #: 71
Date: 01 8, 2012
We put this on our registry when I was pregnant, and were delighted when we received it! Honestly, it's cute for US to look at. There's nothing that I dislike about this product- we're going on having used it for 7 months. When I would first put my daughter in here, at about 3 months, she would just kind of do squats. It wasn't long before she started to really BOUNCE- and the excitement on her face was enough to tell she loves this jumper. She grabs EVERYTHING- is very in love with the dangling lizard and tucan, which she stares at (I can tell she's dreaming of the day she'll get them in her grasp!)...What we as parents like- the fact that it's easy to clean. The seat comes off easily, throw that in the wash, and sanitize all the plastic-- piece of cake. And the jumper also folds up so you can put it out of the way, which is a nice feature, because it's rather large. We've had the same batteries in it for the entire length of time, and we leave it turned on for at least 4 hours a day! That's how much time she loves to spend in it.I would recommend this jumper to anyone. I plan on using it for as many children as it will last for!

Review #: 72
Date: 05 19, 2008
I had reviewed a lot of jumpers before I bought one for my daughter. I was initally going to buy the one that hangs from the door way, but I read a lot of reviews about bad things happening to little fingers and arms, so I decided on a standing one. I decided to buy this perticular model after heavly researching the other options out there. My daughter loves it and she's safe so I love it! Couldn't ask for anything more!

Review #: 73
Date: 11 28, 2011
My husband and I absolutely love this product!! We bought it for our 7 month old daughter (she is now 10 months) and wondered why we hadn't purchased one sooner. We use it every night when we eat dinner to keep her entertained. She loves jumping up and down in it to make the lights go off and hear the sounds. She also loves all of the toys she can grab at (especially the hanging ones) and that she has the ability to move around from toy to toy by herself. It's not too loud, when kept on the lower volume setting, so we can easily have a conversastion at dinner. My only complaint is that it is hard to move from room to room. It has a quick release latch on the bottom that is supposed to make it fold up easily to move but it doesn't work very well. We keep it in the kitchen but when it has to be moved to mop the floor it is a pain to get back in the room. Other than the mobilty issue we absolutely love this bouncer. It keeps her entertained for 30 minutes so we can eat and not have to worry about where she has crawled up to or tried to climb up on!

Review #: 74
Date: 05 2, 2013
It took our 4 month old a few days to figure out what to do when we put her in the jumperoo but now she bounces and giggles and chews on the butterfly.

Review #: 75
Date: 10 30, 2012
I got this at my baby shower. It was sooo hard to wait to use this with my baby until he was 4 months old and had good head support to use it. I have read so many reviews of baby loving this and I couldn't wait to get my baby into it. When my baby was 3.5months old he had really good head support so I decided to put him in it. He really enjoys it, but only for a small time. Right now he is too short to reach the ground on the lowest setting so I have to put a pillow under his feet but he still likes to play with all the toys on the jumperoo.My son is now 4.5 months old and 24 inches long and is still too short to reach the ground. He is about an inch and half off the ground so he still uses a pillow. He loves the toys a lot. He likes to chew on the bug and grab at the monkey and bird. He has figured out that if he jumps just a bit it will trigger the jungle sounds and as soon as the jungle sounds stop he will jump just enough to have them go again. I think once he is big enough to not need the pillow under his feet anymore he will really get into this toy.Some of the things I don't like, It is hard to get him in the jumperoo. I lower him in the seat but he manages to keep his feet on the seat and not go through the leg holes. So I have to bend down and hold him to my shoulder to support him while I reach down with my other arm and guide his legs into the leg holes. It is awkward. Also, getting him out is hard. It is hard to really get a good hand hold on him to lift him out because he is surrounded by the jumperoo. Then pulling him out the seat part come out with him and some times his legs gets stuck on the leg holes and I have to untangle him from it. I wish it was easier to get him in and out of the jumperoo.Assembly is very easy. While my son was doing tummy time I was able to put this together before he got too cranky with tummy time. I say it took me about 15 minutes to put together. The instructions are really easy to follow. He did start getting cranky before I was able to put all the toys on so I put him in the jumperoo before I attached all the toys and he watched me as I snapped all the toys in place and then played with them with him. His first jump, with help from me, he was instantly smiling. He likes it the best when we bounce him up and down.I am going to give it five stars even though I have seat issues because I can get around that and my son really enjoys playing in the jumperoo. Plus, I think the more times I put him in it he will figure out himself to put his legs through the leg holes. So, I believe that won't be a problem in the future just taking him out will be a struggle.

Review #: 76
Date: 03 19, 2013
I bought a &#34;Jenny-Jump-Up&#34; (it hooks onto the molding of your doorway), but found out that the hook wouldn't fit onto any of the doorways (my fault, I live in an older house with huge molding) and it was sort of inconvenient to always try and find a doorway since not a lot of my household activities were close to one.I know the Fisher-Price Jumperoo is expensive and I argued back and forth as to whether or not it was even worth the money, but after finally deciding to purchase it I can say that I'm very satisfied. I'm not rolling in the dough, either, so this was a major splurge for my third daughter (and I wish I'd bought it for the first so that I could have handed it down from the first to the second and from the second to the third, getting good use out of it).Pros: Less expensive activity gyms don't bounce, and this one sure does. It can take the abuse of my 6 month old when all she wants to do for hours is bounce (and I don't have the arm strength to bounce her on my lap all day!)You don't have to worry about sizing. My tiny little 10 pounder can fit into it nicely and it will eventually adapt for a much larger child (my second daughter is a chunk and she still gets some use out of this).It comes with a warranty for broken pieces. Things break, that's just the way life is, and it's nice to know I can send for replacement parts if I need to.You can send Fisher-Price your email and they will let you know instantly if something is recalled or has an excess of broken parts.It comes with little activity toys, but you can take them off if you don't like them. It comes with music and lights, but you don't have to turn them on if you aren't into that kind of thing. It's very adaptable to what YOU want from it.It has the ability to fold and transport from room to room.Cons: It's a little pricey. Like I said before, I'm not rich (I get most of my things second hand or for free from friends that have older children), but if I had to spend a large amount of money on only one thing in the first three years of my daughter's life, it would be this!My 6 month old love to bounce in it (and believe it or not, she actually plays with the activity toys! I didn't think she would, but she spins the little sun around and fiddles with the parrot), it can be moved to any room, and it will fit her for the next few years. In my opinion, it's very much worth it!

Review #: 77
Date: 01 1, 2014
I wish you could buy extra toys to go in the slots this jumperoo has. I feel the spinning salamander and spinning sun are redundant and the pop up tiger barely peeks over the bush. It would be cool to have a separate area where you could buy toys that fit in the slots. Build your own jumperoo essentially.

Review #: 78
Date: 11 5, 2012
My baby is 5 months old and she loooovvvves it! She gets bored with everything else but will easily spend 15 to 20 min playing in this jumperoo!Great investment and highly recommend it.

Review #: 79
Date: 12 17, 2013
We received this as a &#34;hammy down&#34; from our nephew.  He used it CONSTANTLY so we were worried it'd be worn out.  It was in great condition!  It keeps it's value!  Our daughter is 7.5 months old and enjoys jumping in it for about 10-15 minutes.  She likes the light up feature, the music, and grabbing at the birds hanging down.  It has three different heights, we just wish the &#34;shortest&#34; one was a little shorter.  We put her in it around 4-5 months old and had to fold a towel under it for two months because she was on her tippy toes.  She's in the 87% for height too!  Overall, it's a great jumper and we would definitely recommend it.

Review #: 80
Date: 05 23, 2012
I bought this for my 4 month old son.  He likes it, esp the spinning crocodile that makes a rattle sound.  He enjoys it so much that he spends 20-40 minutes there bouncing and playing!! Good buy.

Review #: 81
Date: 04 15, 2013
We have bought so many gadgets in the pursuit of entertaining our baby girl and most have ended up unused. This jumperoo has been a lifesaver. She loves it!! She keeps herself entertained in this while I cook dinner and get other household chores done. It was our best buy!

Review #: 82
Date: 05 8, 2014
My son will bounce in this thing until he is so tired he can't stay awake.  He loves the little toys, lights and music.  Really, he can't get enough!  The toys come off easily to wash.  Easy to assemble.  It does &#34;collapse&#34; for storage, but it really doesn't take up much less room so we just keep it together.

Review #: 83
Date: 08 7, 2009
My son has used this quite a bit and really enjoys it...Would be better if it had more variety in music and more lighted objects but it serves its purpose and is very entertaining for my son.

Review #: 84
Date: 08 9, 2012
My sons loves bouncing around in this thing. It definitely entertains him and is nice to have around the house. It isn't perfect though. The toys on it are okay. The rainbow area and popup tiger are a little lame. The other toys are decent though. I could think of a better set up, but overall it is a good deal.How to make this perfect Fisher Price:1) Improve the height adjustment. Our kid is too tall for the 1st level, but the 2nd level is too high for him. We're trying to get some towels and adjust, but it'd be kind of nice if it had 4 levels of adjustment.2) Improve the toys a little bit. They aren't bad right now, but I feel they could be better for sure as the toys themselves don't do much to entertain my son. He loves the jumping part, but it could be improved for the toys.3) Make it easier to store. You can't really take the thing apart after you set it up. That is killer for storing from one kid to the next. There has to be a way to make it so the toys can come off easier.Anyway, good product and Amazon has a great price on it. Just needs some improvements to really be perfect.

Review #: 85
Date: 05 30, 2012
I initially purchased this jumperoo because I read that it is the only one on the market that accomodates taller babies (important as my son is in the 95th percentile (95%) for height). Whether or not this is true, I am very glad I purchsed it. Apparently most other jumpers have a seat bucket that is too shallow and wide to accomodate a tall baby's torso properly in order to prevent them from pushing up (and out) or dangerously tipping over. The Rainforest Jumperoo's seat is deep and narrow and also has a higher height adjustment which holds taller babies in securely. Now for those of you who these features don't matter, this jumperoo also has some other great qualities....When I first bought this jumper my son was 5 months old and didn't really get the "jumping" concept right away. However it was a safe place to put him before he could sit up on his own to just stand and play. The activities really keep him entertained from a floppy "teether" bumble bee to a spinning sun and peek-a-boo tiger to floating animals to reach for up above. Now, at 8 months old, he's a jumping machine! He's a little over 29" tall now and his feet almost touch flat to the floor at position 3, so we will have to retire this pretty soon. Most would think of such a purchase as a waste but we got a good run out of this jumper and couldn't have imagined those 4-5 months without it. It's a great place for him to jump and get all of his energy out when he's bored of playing on the floor.Now traveling isn't the easiest with this unit but it is do-able (I travel a lot so this part was important to me). One of the legs unhinges which allows you to fold the unit in half (sort of). It's a little awkward moving by yourself but with the right manuvering you can master getting it from A to B. I have a sedan with what would be considered a slightly oversized trunk space and it fits in there JUST right.The lights and sounds aren't terribly annoying on this either. There is a continuous music setting or you can switch over to a "motion" setting which only plays a short little melody everytime baby activates it by jumping or spinning the drum. There is also a high-low volume control. I had a slight problem with the electronic part of the jumperoo after about a month to where all sounds ceased. Fisher-Price took care of it by sending out a new part (which simply snaps in and out) quickly and hassle-free. Overall very happy with this purchase!

Review #: 86
Date: 01 7, 2012
Every baby is different! This statement couldn't be more true in referring to our jumperoo! My little one was fascinated by the bright toys, from afar. She sat in it for 5 minutes~ and never again!This item is quite cumbersome once assembled. It takes up a lot of space! If your home has lots of extra room for this contraption, then I suppose it could be worth it.It is stationary. Baby can bounce around, but only in the confined area. My baby was happier in a similar activity center which was a walker. (a walker has safety risks which need to be considered) but for our home, it was ideal.

Review #: 87
Date: 04 24, 2008
My son loves this toy since he was 4 months old (he's on the tall side).  He has no interest for the hanging frog and parrot, but he gets a lot of satisfaction from bouncing and making the lights and the music go on.  A note of caution: if your child is on the tall side, make sure you look at the dimensions because ours is not even 5 months old (almost 27.5 in) and he is on level 2 for the height (there are only 3 levels).  Overall, it's a nice toy that rewards him for jumping, turning the balls, pulling on the toys.

Review #: 88
Date: 01 25, 2014
I'd suggest to anyone looking to buy one of these to try it out first and see if your baby likes it. I had visions of my baby spending 15-20 minutes a day in here unsupervised, so I could take a shower or eat something or just be, you know, alone. He will jump and play with the toys, but not for very long, before he starts whining to be picked up or put somewhere else. Also, the swivel chair doesn't swivel very easily for us: my baby only faces outward toward the main toy bar (he has to crane his neck to see the sun and the lizard, forget about it). Kinda useless unless it's easy to swivel around (he's only 7 months, maybe it'll get looser?). The rainbow is not very intriguing for babies; I wish there were more light-up parts. The music is okay, and the parrot/lizard hanging don't get any love from my baby. It takes up a HUGE footprint in the living room though, and you can't take it apart very easily. I think in hindsight I would have rather purchased a smaller one.

Review #: 89
Date: 07 9, 2013
I bought this item after seeing how much my baby liked it at her daycare. At the beginning, she was too little to really use it effectively, but it was still a good way for her to practice holding her head up. Now that she's a bit bigger, she loves bouncing in it - and she plays in it for long periods of time! It's very sturdy feeling, and it's nice to have my hands free and not worry about leaving her alone if I have to run out of the room for a minute!

Review #: 90
Date: 01 19, 2013
It has all the features a growing baby needs to enjoy..like jumping,and pulling ,pushing,mooving objects etc...my baby really still enjoys sumtimes when i need to put him in some unmobile place...

Review #: 91
Date: 08 15, 2013
Purchased this for my son and he sure does love it. He gets entertained with the music and the bouncing action. It is pretty easy to assemble. Once assembled you can down size it to store it. The fabric seat is easy to take of in case it gets soiled. It cleans real well too. This jumperoo has given me a chance to be able to do stuff while the baby is entertained.

Review #: 92
Date: 06 4, 2013
I love this thing; It took only about 15 - 30 minutes to assemble. My 5 month old is too short for it but better too short than too tall! It has 3 different height adjustments and at the lowest he is too short but I put my snoogle pregnancy pillow underneath his feet and there he was jumping away! He seemed to be overwhelmed by all the toys at first but he's been in this for close to an hour and still isn't tired of it. I'm able to clean the kitchen, finish cooking, and write this review. I'd say this is a must buy for first time moms who just need a few extra minutes of free time! Sorry to sound like an infomercial or something but Im really happy with it so far. Now this is my first day with it so I will update if anything changes.

Review #: 93
Date: 07 4, 2012
My son is tall.  He is also a chunky guy and this jumper fit him perfectly.  It has a deep bucket seat to it for taller babies and has great back support.  The music is fun and the lights are very entertaining.  There are a lot of activities on it that keep him engaged.  We started him in this jumper as soon as he had head support which was around 3.5-4 months.  It really helped him with leg strength too.

Review #: 94
Date: 01 11, 2009
My baby wanted to bounce more than my arms could accommodate and this was the solution.  However, it only entertained him for a couple of months because they get over the need to jump.  They might like the doorway jumpers for a little longer since they can actually "go" somewhere, but then I was concerned about safety with a doorway jumper.  Bottom line, my son has enjoyed his Bright Starts Around We go for three times as long and counting.  If you can get both, do it.  If not, skip this item.

Review #: 95
Date: 11 3, 2010
I purchased this jumperoo used from craiglist and it is wonderful.  I only paid $25, but now I know how great it is, I would have paid 3x as much!  My 6 1/2 month old twins both love this jumperoo.  They are average height and weight.  It takes 2 AA batteries for the lights and sound, but these features can be turned off.

Review #: 96
Date: 04 11, 2012
kept the girls (twins) busy for an hour or so, which was just long enough for me to get a break. They are still using it and love to jump in it at 15 months.  When they were smaller I but a box under it and a blanket around them. The seat is nice and soft and cushioned so they stay comfortable. it is really easy to take the seat off and clean and to wipe down.  Grace would fall asleep jumping all the time.

Review #: 97
Date: 12 13, 2012
Our 6 month old loves this bouncer! The only issue we've had is, it's kind of heavy and awkward to move from room to room.

Review #: 98
Date: 12 3, 2009
I got this for my baby when she was 4 months old. She immediately started playing with the tray. Later on she discovered the jumping, and she squeals with joy.

Review #: 99
Date: 03 21, 2013
The jumparoo has been a winner since our daughter turned 6 months old. Our girl is average height and even on the lowest setting we still needed to add a box underneath so her feet could touch the ground. Our daughter loves it and so do we. Easy to put together, takes up a smallish amount of space - and we havent tried to dismantle to reduce space but it looks easy. The sounds are good to our ears on the quiet setting and there are enough interesting items to keep all amused.

Review #: 100
Date: 03 18, 2012
Love this jumper! Seat turns easily, easy to adjust height of seat and soft stuffed animals on top. Easy to clean - great fun! I have FIsher Price Luv-U-Zoo jumper (bought on vacation)as well and the seat is very difficult for baby to turn leaving him with only one play option unless I turn him. Also, Luv-U-Zoo hard plastic toys hanging overhead which make for continuous head bumping. The Rainforest Jumperoo; however, far surpasses the other  - a bit large - but safe and looks great!

Review #: 101
Date: 04 17, 2014
This is great, my son loves it! He just jumps his little heart out so while he jumps I get to get things done that is needed.

Review #: 102
Date: 04 11, 2014
This jumper exceeded out expectations! My little guy fell in love with it from the very first moment we sat him in it. The only thing he didn't love was the long setting of the music. Luckily there is a setting for the music to play only when he jumps. One thing that was slightly disappointing was the bee. It's too top heavy to stand on it's own so it just hangs of the side. I don't understand what the point of the bee is to just hang. Like I said that's only slightly disappointing so I still give it 5 stars!

Review #: 103
Date: 12 3, 2012
I can't figure out why jumpy's these days don't actually jump.  They are these silly little saucers and the kids don't get to bounce.  This was a hand-me down for us and was so great.  My son loved bouncing in it for months.  Started at about 4.5 months and used it multiple times a day for months.  Same advice for a bouncy chair- make sure it bounces!  They love to bounce and it's good for them to be able to move.

Review #: 104
Date: 08 2, 2011
I bought this product about 5 weeks ago an it has worked awesome! My baby absolutely love this thing. All of the fun features on this product makes it easy to keep my baby entertained and saves me a headache! Any product that can do that I have no other choice then to give a FIVE STAR! I have already recommended this to all of my friends. Simple to use, Quality product, My baby loves it=Perfect PRODUCT.

Review #: 105
Date: 07 23, 2010
I got this jumperoo for my daughter as soon as she could hold her head up well.  She has loved it and I love that we're still using it 5 months later.  It's definitely worth the money.  It's a great exercise thing for her, she loves the jumping.  It also has all those fantastic toys for her to play with.  Finally it gives me some time to cook dinner because I know she's not trying to eat the TV or anything while she's in it.The negatives to is the sizing up straps.  They don't fit well for everyone which is understandable.  My daughter is really tall for her age so every time I have to go up a strap she doesn't have enough weight to reach the floor, so I have to put mats under her feet.  It doesn't last for long.  The only other thing is that geting the straps into the 3rd position took me hours and many many finger pains.  It's a little hard to adjust them in the first place, but the #3 spot is almost impossible to position.This really is a great toy and if you have the money I suggest you get one for your baby.

Review #: 106
Date: 09 12, 2012
My daughter is 6 months, and jumping all the time in my arms. When we tried out a friends jumper, we knew that she needed one of her own because she loved it so much. This activity center isn't the most engaging, but she seems to love it so far. The best part is that she gets to jump over and over and over again! She's a bit afraid of the music, so we leave that part turned off. The only negative is that it's such a large toy for our small apartment, and we only have enough space for it in our living room so we have to break it down if we want to watch TV.

Review #: 107
Date: 12 17, 2012
I am so excited to see my new grandson bouncing in this...the toys are bright and look fun...I like that it is able to do a 360 and how easy to carry

Review #: 108
Date: 11 28, 2013
Our LO loves this and uses it every day. I wouldn't go over 20-25min at a time, as they get tired. Toys that are included are basic, but they still keep baby's attention. It was easy to assemble, doesn't take too much space and it is easy to clean. Make sure that baby is on toes when using the jamperoo, as if they are flat on feet they will get tired easy and the product is not meant to be used like that. There are 3 settings for height.

Review #: 109
Date: 03 8, 2013
We have ha this for both kids and it entertains them for a while.  I've never heard so many giggles from them!  My older son wishes he could still use it  but it entertained showing our younger son how it works.  We have used the baby Einstein jumperoo too but this one is by fair their favorite.Pros:Great back supportAdjustable levelsLights and soundsCons:I wish it had one more animal hanging up but my kids don't miss it.I highly recommend this!

Review #: 110
Date: 04 19, 2012
Our daughter is only 3 months old but has excellent muscle control and loves to push up with her legs so we were searching for a jumper thinking it would help tire her out while building muscle and entertaining her. We finally decided to buy this based on all the great reviews. Our daughter loves the music and lights as well as looking up at the parrot and frog hanging on the leaves. The only disappointment is that even though she is about 15lbs and over 24" tall, her feet don't touch the floor even on the lowest setting. Like some other reviewers, we have to fold up blankets underneath or sit with her and let her push off of our hands. Overall though, it's good and we're looking forward to the day she really grows into it!

Review #: 111
Date: 07 21, 2010
I was recommended to get a walker or doorway jumper by friends, whose babies had loved them. However, upon further research I found that those toys were some of the most dangerous on the market. But I loved the idea of a toy that encouraged physical activity. I came across jumperoos while searching on amazon.I found a used rainforest jumperoo for half price with only the motion sensing toy still attached. I tied wood toys to the other slots, and my 5 month baby loves it. She loves the cause-and-effect from the motion sensing toy, and loves being able to jump. I love that it keeps her occupied for a bit while I do things that don't allow me to hold her, like cooking on the stove.The music it plays is nice. I wish I knew the names of all 4 songs it plays in continuous music mode so I could sing along. The first is "Froggy Went A-Courtin'" and the third is "The Itsy-Bitsy Spider", but I don't know the other two. I was concerned that it was treated with flame retardants because of a notice on the tags, but I called the company and Mattel said none of the Fisher Price toys are treated with flame-retardant, including this one.The main downside is that it is bulky in our small house, but I don't see how it could be any smaller and still allow for jumping. The other thing I don't like about it is the annoying elephant noise.

Review #: 112
Date: 08 26, 2011
We purchased this jumper because of all the great reviews. As soon as my son got some head control, this has been one of his favorite places to be. He is big for his age, but even on the lowest setting he was too short for his feet to reach the ground. We solved this by placing some substantial books underneath until he grew a bit more. First he discovered how to sway from side to side, then he discovered how to jump! All the while he never gets bored with the toys. And we sometimes even hook new toys on the jumper cables. We rarely turn the noise function on just because he is fully entertained without it. My son loves it so much he'll even take a nap in it- before we gently lift him out and take him back to his room. We will be holding onto this for the next kid!

Review #: 113
Date: 03 30, 2007
We were originally going to get our 8 month old a jumper that you hang from the door.  After reading some reviews about injuries and mishaps from jumping into the door frames, we firmly decided against that and researched floor models.We were between this Jumperoo and another one that has 4 support poles as the base.  The square Jumperoo didn't have nearly as many toys for her to discover and it seemed to take up much more space.  We decided on this Jumperoo because it took up less room and had more toys for only slightly more money.  The investment was worth it for just the first 10 minutes of fun!When we first put her in, she wasn't quite sure what to make of it and just looked around at the toys grabbing for them.  After she realized (in the first 2 minutes) that she could jump, she did with great joy.  Her face was all smiles and watching her kick her feet out while jumping had us all rolling on the floor hysterically.The toys she likes best are the ones that spin and she reaches for the parrot and frog that hang.  The tiger that comes up when you push on the button seems pretty useless, as does the color wheel.The whole thing took us about 10 minutes to put together and another few minutes to wash the toys.  Remember not the submerge the electronic one and to put 3 AA batteries in it.  The box does not include the batteries and you'll need a screwdriver to remove the battery cover.  Also, the large spinning ball has a rainbow sticker along the sides that if you don't dry right away, well, they'll start to wrinkle.  The Jumperoo does fold up for easier carrying/stowing but it's not a smooth transition.  I don't see us doing it that often however.As I mentioned, the entertainment that the adults got was well worth the cost initially.  And now, our baby girl has a great time bouncing on it while strengthening her legs.  She doesn't seem to like jumping without an audience but maybe she will when she gets a little older.  Don't wait to get this, you won't regret it!!**09/02/2009 UPDATE**Well, 2 kids and 2 1/2 years later, we finally decided to sell our Jumperoo.  Would you believe we received tons of inquiries and eventually received nearly 70% of our original purchase price?  What terrific resale value!

Review #: 114
Date: 02 7, 2014
Both my baby girl and baby boy love this toy, they interact a lot and have a lot of fun while playing there. Just watch out for some dirty clothes after sometime, because since they move a lot... well, you know what happens. The good thing is, it is also easy to wash. It is a bit expensive, but the return on investment is very high!!! I recommend.

Review #: 115
Date: 04 29, 2014
I looked at sooooo many jumpers for my baby. Checked reviews, did my own research at the baby stores, etc. I originally had gotten the Fisher Price Laugh and Learn and I returned it because it was just too clunky. It did not fold up to store and it had a huge piece that went overhead that I didn't like. I received the Fisher Price Step 'N Play as a gift and my baby when she was 6 months and I love that one, but it doesn't jump and I found my daughter wanting to always jump as she learns to crawl, stand and get more mobile at 8 months old. So I got this one because a ton of my friends have it for their babies. I also put my baby in it to see if she liked it and she did! I put this together in about 10 minutes, I've adjusted in about 3 minutes. My daughter loves it and I love it. I would definitely recommend this and think this is one of the better jumpers that Fisher Price has designed.

Review #: 116
Date: 06 30, 2013
We used this quite a bit for my daughter when she was of age. She loved it and it was wonderful for having her in a safe place while I used the restroom or made a quick lunch. We have it stored right now and plan to use it for my son when he is old enough! Love this and would definitely buy again!

Review #: 117
Date: 04 23, 2014
I put this in the kitchen and let me little ball of energy jump and play away.  She has been a huge fan of this since about 6 months.  it usually gives me at least 10 minutes of break time and is easy to adjust as your kid gets taller.  She will probably only get about 5 months use out of it (she is almost walking and is super tall) but I still think it was worth the cost.

Review #: 118
Date: 12 14, 2009
I started out as a new mom all like, "My baby will only play with natural toys, and I will carry him with me everywhere I go." And, to some extent, I have carried him with me a lot and tried to entice him with natural toys. But he has been a very high needs baby, and there are limits to my abilities to keep him happy and remain sane. By two or three months old he was bored sick with many of his toys, I was exhausted from holding him all the time, he was frustrated because he couldn't stand or sit on his own, and this toy saved us.I don't think you should put your little one in this for hours on end, but for 20-30 minutes at a time a few times a day, it makes all the difference. Like being able to get dressed or make a coffee or do one thing without a baby in your arms. Plus, he loved it because he could do some things on his own. He jumped, giggled, reached for his parrot and frog that hang from the leaves, and so on.  I owe the Jumperoo my sanity.Two of the little toys are great - the frog spinny thing and the noise making jungle thing. The pop up tiger never was a big hit, even as he got old enough to figure it out. It would be great if they could offer little toys that you could exchange from time to time to introduce new things. But all in all, we loved this and suggest it to any parent of a child who is not yet mobile but is bored and needs some fun. Not good as a baby sitter, but great for a change of pace and a short break for tired parents who need a baby that is entertained.

Review #: 119
Date: 03 9, 2013
Best $90 I ever spent. My son loves his jumperoo. I recommend this to all parents of active babies. It is so much fun for my son and fun for me to watch his joy.

Review #: 120
Date: 11 1, 2010
My husband bought this when our baby was just over 3 months old. I thought he'd be too small or too young, but when we got it he was able to sit propped in it quite nicely (15 lbs and 23"). He couldn't hold his body up but he did have good head control at the time. We put our Wii fit stand underneath since his legs didn't touch the ground, and he bounced away laughing the whole time. He was entertained by the toys even though he didn't start to grab them until he was closer to 4 months. Now that he's almost 5 months, he spends time in this every day. It's really strengthened his leg muscles (read: kicks mom more), but he enjoys it a lot. There are many things to look at and I like that it swivels so they can turn around, looking at things in the room as well. It's not the most portable of all equipment, but we have a dedicated spot for it. It is sturdy, easy to put together and looks cute. The cover is washable though I haven't tried that yet. It's so nice to be able to have him in a safe spot while I cook dinner or attend to something else for a few minutes. He much prefers this to sitting in an infant seat or on his playmat.

Review #: 121
Date: 05 30, 2011
The music it plays is not overly annoying and while my 6 month old daughter hasn't quite figured out how to jump yet, she still loves the activities. The chair doesn't spin on its own easily, but other than that, it's great. Also, she may be able to spin the chair once she figures out how. Not sure if it's the design of the chair or her not knowing how to do it that prevents it from spinning, so I still gave it 5 starts. But I'd still buy it again.

Review #: 122
Date: 02 19, 2014
My son is very active and when we put him on this jumperoo he enjoys it a lot. I recommend it.

Review #: 123
Date: 01 30, 2014
Honestly, I would have paid much more for this item. We got it when our baby was 16 weeks, and she just loves it. Her eyes light up when the music and lights turn on. She also loves the bouncing sensation (a nice change from being on her back or tummy). Best part for mom, I have my arms and hands back while she is playing! It is very cute, but beware, it is pretty big. I didn't realize it when I ordered it but luckily we have the room.

Review #: 124
Date: 12 12, 2011
My 4 month old LOVES this jumper.  He loves to stand up, look around, and bounce and this allows him to do all things safely!  I started him in it at 3.5 b/c his head and neck were ready.  One thing I really like is how far down he sits in the seat.  This allows the jumperoo to support his upper body that he doesn't have a lot of control over yet which is an improvement over some of the other chairs that we have.  (We have a walker that we put him in and the first thing he did was take a nose dive into one of the toys.  Needless to say, we're waiting to try that one again.)  He loves to jump and play in it for 30 minutes at a time.  (Great for Mom time, cooking dinner, or trying to get stuff done.)  At first he could barely touch the floor so I put a book under it.  I like how you can adjust the height so I can control how much he's able to bounce himself around.  If your baby loves to stand and bounce, this jumperoo is for you!

Review #: 125
Date: 04 26, 2010
Our daughter loved the rainforest playmat so we decided to buy the jumperoo for her when she was big enough for it.  It has quite a few toys around for her to play with and she really seems to like to jump around in it.  We have been very satisfied with this purchase.

Review #: 126
Date: 12 15, 2012
I really loved  this and it really helps them learn. My kids both loved that blue frog and would just stare at it for hours

Review #: 127
Date: 11 23, 2010
this is known as the sanity keeper in our house. My 7 month old loves it. He even bounces when he's not in it now :-)

Review #: 128
Date: 08 27, 2013
FIrst of all, it was pretty easy for me to assemble. Once we put my son in it, he just started jumping! He jumps and jumps and is always smiling. Sometimes he stares at the animals and tries to grab them.He always tried to pull himself up so I decided to buy a jumperoo. I'm thankful I bought this one and would gladly recommend it to others.

Review #: 129
Date: 11 14, 2012
Its a must buy.  But at nine months he doesn't want to be confined. He wants to crawl and pull up on things.

Review #: 130
Date: 05 19, 2014
The reviews were right-this is an awesome toy for babies who crave stimulation! My little will sit in this and jump, play, squeal and laugh to herself and would do that all day if we let her. The item was very easy to put together with minimal assembly required. The seat rotates, but I noticed it's not a very smooth rotation. Once the baby is older, I suspect it'll be easier and easier for her to rotate on her own. Great quality and product by Fisher Price, as usual!

Review #: 131
Date: 11 25, 2012
I would be lost without our Jumperoo.  My babies LOVE it.  Hopping is their favorite activity.  It's good exercise and fun for them, and the toys seem to interest them at different developmental levels.  We got it when the babies were about 5 months old, and they couldn't touch the ground very well, but they still thought it was fun for a few minutes.  Once they could bounce better, they became instant jumping addicts!  It's pretty bulky and not easy to move from room to room, but it's colorful and fun and entertains the kiddos.  Yes, the music is a little annoying.  Welcome to parenthood.

Review #: 132
Date: 08 20, 2012
We bought two bouncers.  This one and the Evenflo Exersaucer.  My son is now 9 months and a little tall for his age. He is too big for this one, but still comfortably fits in the Exersauser.  He also has always liked the toys around the exersauser more, so for a little more money, I think it's worth the investment to get the other one.

Review #: 133
Date: 01 3, 2012
I'm sure this jumper is a hit among other babies, but not mine. It was way to overstimulating for my son. He would spend about 5 minutes in it before he would start crying to get out. I tried turning off the music, but he found the toys boring. He would often get his finger pinched on the elephant and like other parents said, it seems like the toy is made more for parents.  Also, after doing a lot of research about jumpers in general,  I found that it can be harmful for a child to jump before they are developmentally ready.  If you do purchase this device, in my opinion I would limit the time your child is in it to just a few minutes a day. We got rid of ours soon after purchasing.

Review #: 134
Date: 03 18, 2013
My daughter live din this thing when she was 4-9months or so, maybe younger. I cant remember. Well, cue baby #2. My son is also in LOVE with this. He is 4 months old, 19 pounds, 26 inches- fits perfectly on the first level, so room to grow. He would live in this thing if he could. Worth every penny. HOURS of enjoyment (and time for me to sneak a coffee ;)

Review #: 135
Date: 12 24, 2012
We bought this for our 5 month old twins.  They both love it.  Even if they are not interested in jumping the toys keep their attention

Review #: 136
Date: 01 7, 2014
Purchased for our granddaughter because our kids had much fun in similar products when they were young. This is great! Child can jump up and down to their hearts content, swivel the seat around to play with imaginative toys at several &#34;play stations&#34;, and can induce the thing to play music by jumping (cause and effect). It is well built / sturdy. And the best attribute is that SHE LOVES IT! Our granddaughter has spent hours bouncing . . . second best attribute: our daughter-in-law gets more &#34;her&#34; time

Review #: 137
Date: 12 21, 2013
INTRODUCTION:This is a great product that our daughter absolutely love. Our relatives a different jumperoo and this one is way better. She first started using it at 4-5 months old and as she reaches different developmental mile stones, she starts noticing different things she can do with it and its like a new experience all over again. She has developed good strength in her legs and at 6.5 months she doesn't get excited about trying to crawl she just wants to be on her feet ! She is literally walking around as long as she is holding on to both of my hands or fingers (balance will take some time). I think this really gave her a great "jump start", no pun intended, at her physical strength and ability to transition to her feet. Of coarse I am a man and I wasn't excited about buying it until my wife insisted that I get it and let our little one try it. My wife and I love it. Below I will describe the product and answer questions I imagine you would like to know.ASSEMBLY:If your like me and your wondering what the heck your wife is gonna end up buying next which you will ultimately end up putting together, then your in luck. This wasn't too bad, the toys which come with this fit right into their spots, the ring which forms the base on the ground is easy to lock together into place. Careful attention to the instructions will need to be taken though. The one thing which I found the most difficult and I have to say the instructions were very poor about, is the way that the red cloth which forms the seat is attached, be careful not to put this on backwards. It took me probably 40 minutes to assemble, maybe a little more, mostly prolonged due to the confusion with the seat cloth. Maybe its just me but I imagine you'll see what I mean.HEIGHT:So your probably wondering what height is appropriate and if this is the right size. If you look at the photo you will see that the base which the baby sits in hangs or suspends by 3 green straps. These straps are adjustable and have 3 main settings. What this means is that the straps have separate holes that can be used for changing the height. When our child was only 3 months old she was using level 1, because her toes were just barely touching the floor, and as we understood it thats how its supposed to work, you don't want their entire feet touching the floor or it won't stimulate their urge to press down and hop. It would be as if they were just standing. As she reached 5 months, she was taller and so we had to adjust to level 2 which she is still using now at 6 months and I imagine will last until 8 months by the looks of it. Then theres level three which we haven't had to use yet.TOYS:The toys on this are interesting, and our daughter likes them. Some she didn't pay attention to until she developed a bit more, a mile stone thing i suppose. The toys as mentioned fit easily into place and their assembly is a no-brainer. The toys make noise, light up, and allow for alot of interaction and learning. The main toy which is toward the front has two switches used for turning it on and the mode, as well as the volume. One mode allows for the music and jungle sounds to come on only when she starts jumping. Our daughter figured this one out quickly and its great for stimulating her mind and body for learning. There are some other toys which she can reach for and spin with her hands. A leaf on each side above her have a toy suspending from above which are fun to reach for while she is jumping. My main disappointment  was the firefly like toy which in you will see in the photo appearing blue with black and white polka dots standing firmly upright held up by green stem. Well since we bought this, it was nothing more than a slumped over toy which leans toward the floor, and our daughter can't even see it. Im not sure how it appears to be standing straight up in the photos. Didn't come with batteries, but what I have put in there has lasted until now w/o any problems.SPACE OCCUPIED:The diameter as per my measurement with measuring tape is approx. 33 inches. It will certainly take up some space however not a huge deal. I liken it to the space occupied by a desk chair. We keep it near a corner to use space a little better however not too close to a corner so that she can still interact and see her surroundings. If you block their vision by putting it somewhere isolated, believe me they will get so bored very quickly. The base of this has a folding feature which supposedly allows you to collapse it in such away that it can be stored however we have not used it yet as we use this regularly.CONCLUSION:In conclusion, this is the best purchase we made for our daughter so far. She uses it regularly and loves it. Its helped her in many ways. Despite some annoyances such as the seat cloth attachment during assembly and weird fire-fly toy which just sits limped over out of sight, this is really a great product. I still give it 5 stars because from my daughters perspective it seems like she would also give it 5 stars considering the way she spends time with it. I would like to note one thing, sure she spends up to half an hour jumping and excited which often frees your hands and allows you to get other things done, don't let this be something that is used for that purpose and results in negligence to your child. Your child will also catch on and start to cry when you take them to this because they will know that your planning to leave her there while your not there, they will catch on. Let these kinds of products be something that the child can enjoy while your with them, because thats whats exciting to them, that your there watching them jump and have fun. Believe me you will love the smile on their face.I hope this review was helpful to you, thanks and best wishes with your child !George

Review #: 138
Date: 03 24, 2014
I read the reviews and they were spot on.The jumper is great and my LO loves it. He plays from 5 minutes to 30 minutes at a time. I like the activity areas, the music etc. I am glad I did my research on this before buying. I got it when he turned 4.5 months and was just holding his head up and he still enjoys it quite a bit at 6 months plus now. Like to place this in an area he can look around and be interactive. Very good buy, highly recommended!

Review #: 139
Date: 05 30, 2012
My baby girl loves this jumper. I love it because before I purchased it, she would try to jump on mommy....not a lot of fun. Now she can bounce to her hearts delight without bruising me.  :)It was very easy to assemble, though my husband had trouble since he is allergic to instruction manuals like any typical male. It does fold, though I dont fold it very often. All in all, I would buy this product again in a heartbeat. It is cheaper than others and worth every cent.

Review #: 140
Date: 05 28, 2011
My daughter has loved this jumparoo! She's used it since she was able to sit up and support her head and saw it the other day (22 months) and wanted in ...I know... probably a little too big, but she still had fun playing with it!There is so much to look at that she stayed entertained. The music is not too annoying for a noisy baby toy, and I like the two modes (one plays music constantly and the other mode only plays when she bounces or does something with one of the toys). I loved putting her in it and knowing it would "do it's job" long enough for me to take a shower when she was younger. :) The ONLY complaint I have is that the little button that you push to make the tiger play peek a boo is not that obvious... as in the tiger doesn't move up enough when she pushes it so she often thinks she's not pushing the button right. I love that the straps adjust, although I wish they would go a little lower, but I solved that by folding up a thick blanket when she was younger so her feet would touch enough to bounce. I have never worried about safety, and the "seat" is easy enough to take off and clean when giggly drool starts to show :). All and all 5 stars! Great toy, and I look forward to using it with my son who's due soon!

Review #: 141
Date: 09 29, 2011
This was a GREAT addition to my granddaughter's array of toys in the pre-crawling but I-want-to-jump-and-bounce stage.  Now that she is crawling, she regards it as "okay" but more of a restraint than a fun toy.  She would bounce and bounce for what seemed like hours, happily giggling and playing with the toys while exercising her legs.  Unfortunately, it wasn't a long lasting toy, after just a few months, like so many things in that first year, she was over her enjoyment and the bouncer became more of a way to restrain her while Mom did something else than anything.  Soon, I suspect she'll be removing herself from the bouncer, which means its days are done--a fall could be disastrous after climbing out of the bouncer.  She does, however, love to pull herself up on the bouncer and play with it while standing beside it.  It's one of her favorite things to do while crawling around.The down side is that this is a bulky toy.  It takes up a fair amount of space, especially when accompanied by the other things of the same age, such as playpen, swing, and walker.  It takes as much space as a walker, about 3 feet diameter, so in a very small apartment or house, this could be a problem.  It's also something that they outgrow in a few months.Overall, it's wonderful for the few months that it works as a toy.  Babies love to bounce, and this does the trick, with the added attraction of built in toys that can't end up on the floor out of reach.

Review #: 142
Date: 01 19, 2013
My 6 month old daughter LOVES this bouncer! It's her favorite thing to do. There is so much to look at and spin and touch that keeps her attention and when she starts bouncing her smile couldn't get any bigger. It's a bit pricey, but for me it was worth every penny!

Review #: 143
Date: 06 11, 2014
My kid loves his jumperoo. I think the first word he started recognizing is jump, because whenever we say jump, he starts jumping in our laps. He gets super excited in his jumperoo and goes on and on until he either sleeps in it or gets bored of it. Its usually the former. He started playing with all the toys int he jumperoo. He figured out how everything works in it. He also aims for the overhanging birds sometimes. We got it when I was watching him alone for a month. i could leave him jumping in it and do all my chores without worrying he would roll somewhere. Now we use it when we are having our meals and he loves playing in it.Highly recommend for active babies and peaceful meals for parents ;)

Review #: 144
Date: 03 5, 2014
We love it! Baby is still a bit young to fully enjoy, but she is certainly interested. We like the different interactions, nothing that will hit her head (like the fisher price jungle one), and feels solid. The colors are bright and fun and the chair seems to have good support! Glad we did a little research before we bought.

Review #: 145
Date: 02 2, 2014
Our five month old son LOVES LOVES LOVES his jumper!  He has been using it since he was about 3.5 months old.  Although he is a bit short still, we have the topper from a small leather ottoman underneath him.  He gets a TON of enjoyment from this jumper.  He plays in it every day.....sometimes for about 45 minutes to an hour.

Review #: 146
Date: 08 6, 2012
I just moved to the middle-east since my husband lives here and so, when my baby turned four I was very worried of not being able to find anything age-appropriate for her. But a big THANKS to amazon and all those who reviewed this product, I was glad to find the jumperoo in a babies r us here and although it was most high priced item among similar products I insisted to buy this one because of the amazing number of positive reviews, and I'm glad I did. Because, my baby just loves it and can't get enough of it. Thanks amazon !!!

Review #: 147
Date: 03 28, 2014
My husband and I joke that this was the best investment we made for our daughter. We purchased the Jumperoo when our daughter was a little over three months. She didn't reach the floor at first, so we put books under her feet so she could reach. She was into all the animals figurines right away. She is now 8 months old and still plays in it every day. Great baby investment!

Review #: 148
Date: 01 11, 2014
Great product.We had to raise it up since he is getting taller but he loves it so much. Worth every penny.

Review #: 149
Date: 11 24, 2012
I love that this jumper folds in on itself.  It is still large but much less than when opened and the best part of all is that my 5 month old daughter absolutely loves it.  There are some toys she could care less about on it but that doesn't seem to effect her enjoyment.  Love it!!!

Review #: 150
Date: 12 1, 2011
My 5 month old son loves this jumperoo!  I wish I had bought it when he was a little younger.  He very active and does not like to nap.  This is the only way I can get anything done around the house.  He will happily bounce for a half an hour in his jumperoo.  If I didn't make him get out of it for tummy time and other activities, I'm sure he would stay in it even longer!  My only complaint would be that the seat seems difficult to turn so he can get to the other toys.  I'm not sure he will be able to turn it on his own, but we will see what happens as he gets older.  He loves all of the toys and making the music play.

Review #: 151
Date: 11 25, 2010
After much debate on what jumparoo we were going to purchase to replace the old Deluxe jumparoo that wasnt working anymore we choose this one.It is the most stable one on the market beside the baby Einstein one but that isnt motion activated.My son 4 months LOVE this one. It has alot of interacting toys and very enjoyable lights & sounds. He really enjoys looking at the frog & bird that hang from above. He has an easy time playing with all of the toys. Seat moves easil for him.This jumper does sit a bit higher than the old deluxe one, we have to use a pillow under it and we didnt have to with the other one.The motion activation isnt working properly so I contacted Fisher price & there sending a new toy unit.My gripes about this unit are that the screws on the rainbow face the baby (??) and the elephant faces out and it's hard to turn, also the Monkey as stated in other reviews only moves toward the baby and there little hands can get caught in there (??) Bad design on fisher Prices part! Hopefully this doesnt become a problem with our son.Overall Im happy with this jumper and the price I paid well worth it in my opinion

Review #: 152
Date: 03 19, 2012
Thank Goodness we've got the Jumperoo! My baby girl just loves it the minute she's on the seat and just can't get enough of it! Nowadays nothing can keep her happy (she's 7 months old) and Jumperoo is the only place and thing that can keep her entertained for as long as she's in the thing. She just loves the bouncing chair and being able to play with the different toys in front of her. Thank you for coming out with such a wonderful baby item as it's sure a life saver when my husband and I get too tired of holding her!

Review #: 153
Date: 01 31, 2011
Our baby loves this jumperoo and is entertained long enough for me to get dinner on the table, or do laundry! I wish there were a few more things hanging down from the top, or that the critters moved, just for added entertainment. Also, the music doesn't last very long and I have to keep turning it back on. Our 4 month old does like it though, she just tires of it after about 30 minutes.Overall, it was easy to put together, it's sturdy, and appears to be comfortable for our little one!

Review #: 154
Date: 05 22, 2012
This jumperoo has way too much stimulation so my daughter got bored too fast.I wish I would've bought another one with less toys as she likes to focus on oneor two only and can play with that for a while if not distracted by anything else.Also someone said that Fisher Price plastic may have BPA, I need to double check this.Does anyone know?

Review #: 155
Date: 12 14, 2012
My baby is very large. (He was wearing 12 month clothing at 6 months.) He likes to be carried because I think the bouncing movement is fun for him. Enter this jumperoo. We got this when he was a little over 6 months and he took to it naturally. It was a lifesaver for my aching arms. Putting it together was a bit of a pain (in particular, putting the seat and connected the loops to secure the seat) but everything else was easy.Changing the height of the jumper is easy (we started at the lowest setting and moved it up a notch at 7 months). I suspect we will be at the highest setting in a month.Be prepared to wash and wipe down the jumperoo about once a week when your baby is teething.The red bird hangs down lower than the blue critter and that's nice because it teaches your baby to reach. I recommend using this product on carpeted floors or something soft.  If your baby is like mine and a bit on the big, heavy size, he will jump with a lot of force.Our part-time nanny also cares for twins and she highly recommends this as a way to get a breather to eat!

Review #: 156
Date: 07 1, 2014
Best buy ever. I have a high energy baby that hardly naps (maybe 2-3 naps of 30 minutes, if I'm lucky). So coming up with activities that will keep her interested is tough. The jumperoo keeps her on her feet for a long time! The only bad part, if it can be called that, is that baby now expects to jump wherever she is and if she's upright. :)

Review #: 157
Date: 03 20, 2011
We started putting our daughter in this at four months and she LOVES it!  We picked this particular design based off all the reviews and so far we have not been disappointed.  The colors are bright and her little hands stay very busy.

Review #: 158
Date: 05 11, 2014
I thought my little girl would like this way more than she actually does. She is 6.5 months now. She doesn't seem to enjoy jumping as much as I thought she would. The entertainment on the toy gets rather old and she gets frustrated in it after a few minutes. She seems to love her Evenflo exercsaucer compared to this Jumperoo. I feel like it was a waste of a lot of money. If your child is active and might love to jump for hours on end maybe this would work for you. Didn't for me.

Review #: 159
Date: 09 22, 2013
We originally bought an Exersaucer for my daughter, but it was so big and bulky that she had trouble reaching all the "stuff" on it and it was stiff enough that she really couldn't bounce much at all.  My daughter is small for 8 months, around 15 lbs, so that may be a factor.  This one is PERFECT!  She can reach everything and bounce even on the smallest baby setting, but there's plenty of room to grow by adjusting the cords on the sides.  She likes all the toys thus far still after several weeks.  I don't bother folding it up normally, but it's a nice option for when we are having guests and want our house to look more like a home and less like BabiesRUs!  This is nice though because it's a LOT lighter weight than the Exersaucer, which was so darn heavy I pretty much had to leave it in one place.  This one is light enough that it's not a chore to carry it from room to room, so we're able to get a lot more use out of it!

Review #: 160
Date: 01 10, 2013
My seven month old still loves this jumperoo. we've had it for several months. I love that it's adjustable. The toys are very entertaining and overall it's a very safe product. It has held up well to some very rambunctious jumping.

Review #: 161
Date: 10 15, 2013
This is the best toy my kid jumps around and watches the bird and frog with delight. Love love love it

Review #: 162
Date: 07 4, 2014
My 8 month old jumps himself to sleep in this jumper. It has just the right amount of interactive toys for the baby to explore, the music isn't too loud even on the highest setting, and it seems very sturdy for my guy & his rough bouncing.

Review #: 163
Date: 09 30, 2012


Review #: 164
Date: 10 27, 2013
our little guy has loved this toy from 3 months on!  just plop him in and he can play with fun colors with his hands, grab at the hanging birds, and bounce when his legs get long enough to touch the ground...best toy he's gotten and we'd recommend it to anyone even though it's a bit pricey at around $100 bucks.

Review #: 165
Date: 03 13, 2011
We bought this for my then-three month old son and haven't regretted it for a minute. He would try to jump while being held so this was the perfect solution. The flashing lights and sounds captivated him and he loved that he could bounce. Once he learned to move himself, he preferred to spin the different toys, but this jumperoo has provided hours upon hours of entertainment for him. Even now, at almost nine months, he still loves to hop around and slobber on the bee.Adjusting it to different heights isn't the easiest, but it's do-able. The easy storage feature was never really important for us, but it made traveling with it easier.

Review #: 166
Date: 10 28, 2011
My 5 month old daughter loves her Jumperoo.  It is easy for her to make it bounce up and down, even though we have a book under her feet so she can touch.  She dances and plays with the toys.  She really seems to like to music and lights.  This can easily keep her entertained for an hour, and for a 5 month old that is eternity!  It only took about 10 minutes to put together and the colors are actually a bit brighter than it shows in the picture.  I highly recommend this fun toy that helps baby build leg strength.

Review #: 167
Date: 06 26, 2013
This has been a great toy for my son, the best part is that the sounds are not annoying for the rest of us. I also have a walker for him, and I prefer the swing since the walker noises sound like a slot machine. I would recommend this for any baby.

Review #: 168
Date: 06 5, 2014
I LOVE THIS! and my son loves it. I usually don't let him in it more than half an hour because I want him to do more tummy time and interact with me instead but if I wanted to I could let him sit and jump in there for an hour and he would be happy to do so. Thanks to this I can eat, take a quick shower, clean the house etc. We also have the exersaucer but he favors this one. One of the best things we bought! We bought another one for a friend of ours. PS. We went to Babies R Us and they told us that they don't carry this rainforest jumperoo anymore because it's discontinued but in my opinion this model is way better than the new one.

Review #: 169
Date: 09 24, 2013
Took a star off only because we didn't find an English manual only Spanish, it took my husband a little longer to assemble.Our LO really love the jumperoo, it's the colors!, the sounds! the toys on it! and it can also bounce!  He loved it!  He's basically on it everyday but we limit his time to 5-10 minutes a day that's all.  We also put a sheep pillow/mat for his little feet.  But the jumperoo actually broke after 2 months use.  Our LO is only around 50-75 percentile.  he was really sad the day one of the spring broke.Amazon should will give customer a better pricing plan.  If a customer purchase something a day or two before an item's price drop they should give them a price adjustment.  They haven't even ship out the package yet and they wouldn't adjust it.

Review #: 170
Date: 10 24, 2012
A friend of mine has one of these & my daughter LOVES it! She's 13 months and can walk and she still loves playing in it every time we go over! She will stay in it for 30 minutes or more with no problem! It is wonderful.When it came time to buy my daughter a stationary activity center I bought this: [[ASIN:B007700RN6 Bright Starts Entertain and Grow Saucer, Pink]. It has a lot of good qualities and my daughter loved playing in it... until she got more mobile. Now, we use it as a way to keep her in one place while I cook or need to keep her out of things. She is pretty much over it & will only sit in it for a short amount of time. If i would have known better, I'd have gotten the Jumperoo.

Review #: 171
Date: 11 1, 2012
I bought this Jumperoo over the newer models based on the great reviews.  This Jumperoo meets all my expectations.  My baby loves it!  She plays with all parts and evens enjoys looking at the hanging toys. One note, I thought the dragonfly was broken because the picture shows it standing up.  A call to Fisher-Price revealed this is just for the picture and the dragonfly is suppose to hang down.  My baby loves holding onto the dragonfly so it works well!

Review #: 172
Date: 08 26, 2013
My son LOVES bouncing up and down and playing in this jumperoo! The music is fun and upbeat and the colors are bright and cheerful. It was really easy to put together, and the fabric seat insert is easy to take off (and put back on) for washing. I was a little apprehensive at first about spending so much for this item (for $100 I was hoping he would really love it!! -- thankfully he does!), but it was SO worth it! This has been one of our best purchases for our baby! :)

Review #: 173
Date: 12 7, 2007
We got this for our son.  When we bought it, it was backordered, but it was SO worth the wait.  Hubby put it together today (if I had known it would be so easy I would have done it myself!) and then we put the baby in it.  He's 5 months old, and at first wasn't too sure of it, but it didn't take him long at all to "get it".  He has already figured out how to jump in it, and he laughs when he plays with the rattle/spinning toy.  So glad I didn't wait til Christmas to get it out!  Worth the money for sure.

Review #: 174
Date: 04 10, 2011
Although sometimes my baby is not in the mood for it, many times it will entertain her.  Got mine as a hand-me-down. People should really look into reusing baby items such as these since they outgrow them so quickly and this item is very bulky to store.Update: At 7 months and 2 weeks old, my baby still enjoys this toy. We haven't taken out the Excersaucer because she's having too much fun with this.

Review #: 175
Date: 03 15, 2013
Our baby loves this bouncy seat.  She has been using it since she was about 2 months old, and at 5 months she's still entertained by it.  It allows Mommy to have up to an hour of freedom while baby entertains herself!!

Review #: 176
Date: 06 12, 2013
My daughter enjoys the jumperoo, and it was working great but the part that lights up and makes noise stopped working after approx 6 months of occasional use.. I've changed the batteries but it's just broken. She loves to jump but I can see she quickly tires of the toys.. if I had to buy another jumperoo I'd get one with more toys on it.

Review #: 177
Date: 12 10, 2012
This jumperoo has been a saving grace in my household! My son lived in it day after day. My daughter also loves it. Highly recommend!

Review #: 178
Date: 04 6, 2013
Wow, where to begin. We all love this jumperoo. It is part of my son's daily schedule, he gets so excited when I put him in there, he jumps like there's no tomorrow... and gives me time to get things done around the house! win-win situation. Batteries last FOREVER! toys are very engaging! seat has CUSHION. I absolutely love it!! I would advise to get it soon though, around 2 1/2 months to 3 + only because I feel it's not tall enough for my son... He's 4 1/2 months and his toes touch the ground perfectly on the highest setting (allowing him to jump like crazy) which means in a couple months he will be moving on to his walker. All in all, I would definitely recommend this product and would buy again!! :) love love love!

Review #: 179
Date: 03 30, 2014
This Jumperoo is a lifesaver, our daughter absolutely loves it! She can easily turn herself in the seat to play with everything it has to offer. I looked at about a million reviews of different Jumperoos before we purchased this one & I'm glad I did my homework because this one is the best! Our daughter is short, she's 23 inches at 5 months old so the lowest setting still doesn't let her reach the floor but we put a pillow under her & she jumps nonstop. Without this product I wouldn't be able to get anything done around the house!

Review #: 180
Date: 08 24, 2012
This thing is amazing!  I wasn't that impressed when it came...I didn't really think we needed one more baby item taking up space in our house...I was wrong.We NEEDED this jumperoo.  Starting at about 4.5 months, my son would sit in the seat and check out the toys.  He was still a little short to jump.  However, when he hit 5 months, there was no stopping him.  Now at 6 months, he jumps like a crazy man and giggles the whole time.  Friends and family love watching him and have even commented that they with FP made them for adults....I don't know if I'd go that far though!The toys are...well, 50/50.  There's a spinning one with little animals in it that makes noise that is great.  There's a bee like thing that my son loves to suck on.  The elepant, parrot, and monkey in the front are pretty useless.  The color wheel seems like a waste of space.  But, the baby loves it all!Now the music...well, it's stuck in my head most of the day.  I can sing the entire song series.  The other day we were at the doctor and he was getting fussy (baby, not the doctor) and I started humming the song for him and he started laughing and kicking.  So, who knows.  It does have a softer and louder setting, as well as a setting where it only makes noise when the baby jumps or hits something.This thing gets me at LEAST 20 minutes, twice a day, to be able to accomplish chores around the house without my 6 month old whining or on my arms...well worth the money!

Review #: 181
Date: 12 18, 2013
We have gotten a lot of use out of the Rainforest Jumperoo.  We have a different Fisher-Price model jumperoo at our home but the Rainforest Jumperoo is at Nana and Papa's house where we spend time at least a couple days a week.  It is currently in rotation with the third grandchild and has been a hit with all three!  My seven month old daughter absolutely loves this, and especially the winged bug toy that hangs off the side.  She is in the 95th percentile for height and weight and she is still at the lowest level.  She can reach the dangling toys and regularly babbles to them.  The quality is great- it has held up with three kids and being put in storage in between- and it is entertaining to baby.  I just bought another one as a gift.

Review #: 182
Date: 03 20, 2012
I don't know what we would do without this. My daughter can spend hours in it happily bouncing and playing with the toys. It's the best purchase we've made. Watching her learn the toys has been amazing. When we put her in it for the first time, she just bounced and loved that but didn't start really paying attention to the toys for a couple weeks. Watching her learn which ones spin, or turn, or pull, is so amazing.

Review #: 183
Date: 04 22, 2014
FAVORITE JUMPER EVER! I worked in a nursery for four years and we had this jumper in our classroom. Every baby loved it and I knew someday when I had my own child this would be the jumper I wanted. Thank goodness they still make them because as soon as my daughter was born we bought it! My daughter is now 4 months old and loves this so much! Even before she could move her legs she loved being able to stand up in this and play with the spinners and hear the sounds, see the lights. She plays in it more and more everyday. Best jumper ever! So glad they still make them.

Review #: 184
Date: 07 3, 2013
My daughter is a bit young and small to fully enjoy but this Jumperoo has so many different pieces for her to play with that I'm sure it will be a favorite in the coming weeks.

Review #: 185
Date: 10 26, 2013
6 month old has had it for a month and enjoys it- can occupy herself up to an hour if she's in the mood.  Biggest concern is that she'll sway back and forth, smacking the plastic seat into the poles and she could really smash her fingers between them while doing so- I've padded the &#34;corners&#34; of the seat and will soon add foam padding to the poles too.  I'm know it was more intended for bouncing, but trying telling a baby that. The posts could stand to be more stable- I don't think it's dangerous but could cut down on the clattering.  The hinged bottom is pretty much useless- the seat doesn't fold up vertically so undoing it only gains you a few inches of space.

Review #: 186
Date: 12 18, 2013
We got this for my son when he was 4 months old. We put a big pillow under at the bottom and a blanket behind him to hold him in, and he started bouncing right away. He loved to jump around in this for at least a half an hour at a time. He giggled and smiled adn played with the attached activity creatures. He also liked to stare at the hanging frog and parrot, as well as chew on the bug. He enjoyed this until he was 10/11 months old and got into crawling. The lights and music options are nice and it is easy to clean. The bug doesn't stick straight up as it does in the picture but that was no bother. Easy to move, easy to fold up, just good all around.

Review #: 187
Date: 12 5, 2011
Our twin girls love this toy!  I think they actually love the hanging froggie the most!  They laugh and babble to it and it is so adorable!  They LOVE to jump!! All of the toys, lights and sounds really keep their attention too.

Review #: 188
Date: 01 1, 2013
This is the product to get in the genre of &#34;activity seats&#34;.  My 7 month old absolutely loves this toy, very much worth every penny.  The lights and the toys along the seat are very well placed and done to captivate attention.

Review #: 189
Date: 04 28, 2013
I'm an international buyer in New Zealand and I cannot say enough good about this product.  Just awesome.  It has the ablity to make my little guy tired and also to let him see the world around him.  Love Fisher Price and would buy another one!!!

Review #: 190
Date: 05 28, 2012
I was hesitant at first to order the rainforest jumperoo cause of the reviews on the elephant catching fingers.  Now I am so glad I did.  My son loves this jumper.  We had first bought the baby Einstein and its springs we're so stiff I could barely move it.  My son is almost 5 months and the seat is smaller then baby Einstein so he doesn't wobble around.  I think there is always room for improvement, there could be a third hanging leaf, the teething toy is hard plastic so it is pointless except for sucking on, and the lizard could be more entertaining.  That's why I gave it 4 stars out of 5.  The jumping is what I specifically bought it for and it's great!

Review #: 191
Date: 05 2, 2012
I first want to say that I initially had purchased the Luv U Zoo Jumperoo by Fisher Price, but one of the frame bars seemed loose, so I contacted Fisher Price to Return it for a refund and I recieved excellent and fast service from Fisher Price. After receiving my refund I decided to go with this jumperoo instead and I must say that it was easy to assemble and seems much sturdier than the Luv U Zoo one. The toys on it are also way more colorful and entertaining than the Luv U Zoo Toys. My 5 month old loves to jump to hear the music, at first she actually wouldn't jump unless she heard the music (I had to turn the music on), but after a few days she understood that to hear the music that she had to jump or spin the one toy! She plays with every toy attached to this jumperoo and this keeps or entertained for 30-60 minutes at a time. The seat insert is also very easy to remove and clean, in the case of a "blow out" diaper or mess :) Excellent and fun product from a company with excellent customer service!

Review #: 192
Date: 10 2, 2011
I think the product idea is great.  The problem that I have with this is that my 10 month old is still too short for this.  Even now, we have to put blankets under him to reach the lowest setting.  I am not sure what size baby this was made for?  Thankfully my baby is skinny or we might have a problem getting him into the seat it his age.  I guess I am just really disappointed at the size issues.  We have saucer and a bouncer and even know he kind of likes the bouncer, he really prefers the saucer.  The saucer has more toys and it just seems to entertain him more.  In order to enjoy this product to it's full extent, you must have a tall, skinny baby.Update:  My baby is now 12 months old and 28 inches tall.  Unfortunately, he still has to have blankets under him to make him tall enough for this toy.

Review #: 193
Date: 06 8, 2007
We bought this jumperoo when our daughter turned three months old. At first we were worried that she was too little...but she could hold her head up, so we purchased it. She LOVES it! She fit in it just fine..and she has room to grow. This is perfect for babies that need time sitting up, as she spends most of her time laying on the floor or in her swing or in my arms. She loves looking around at all of the toys, and the animals that hang from the leaves get most of her attention...she just smiles. She can barely reach the floor, but boy does she try her best to jump. This was totally worth the money! It was between this and the exersaucer and I am so happy with our choice!

Review #: 194
Date: 06 4, 2014
This is a great purchase.  My son loves to jump in the Jumperoo.  It was easy to put together and it keeps him entertained for at least 20-30 minutes.  I got it for him at 4 months, he is now 9 months (very mobile) and I can still put him in it while I get a quick workout in.  It does take up a lot of space, but it is worth giving up the space.  We will probably break it down in a couple of months and hold on to it for baby #2

Review #: 195
Date: 12 23, 2008
My mom ordered this for my son before he was born.  He started using it when he was about 3 mths old (we put a blanket or some burp cloths in to help him sit better when he was little). He's 5 mths old now and he still loves it!  He will bounce for about 45 mins at a time :) Helped to develop his strong leg muscles.  He also loves the music. We made up lyrics to go along! Get it for yourself or give it as a gift...they will love it!

Review #: 196
Date: 01 14, 2013
My baby seems to enjoy the jumperoo, she is 5 months old, but I wish I would have really considered the toys before purchasing this jumper, as most are out of reach. The rainbow color wheel, tiger that you have to push to pop up and even the lizard in the rolling ball, are not very visible or reachable to a baby. The edge of the seat is so high it blocks her vision from even seeing the toys properly! And I can't forget to mention the turning elephant that is facing the wrong way and nearly impossible for a baby to turn. I am disappointed in the purchase as there are others out there that has toys that are actually visible for the baby to enjoy.

Review #: 197
Date: 04 1, 2013
My boy was got scared the first time when he sat on this, i guess because of the animal sound, but when he get used to it, he loves it! And whenever he rides he screams and laughs. So fun to watch too.

Review #: 198
Date: 11 5, 2010
I rated this product just "okay" and I would not buy it again. I have twin 5 month old girls and they have been using this for a month now. Neither of them stay occupied in it for too long and they prefer their exersaucer to this. If I had it to do over again, I would buy 2 exersaucers over this. They aren't much for jumping in it, and if your baby is anything like mine, they will lose interest in the toys that are on it quickly. If they aren't one to jump, you won't get much use out of this. I would recommend spending the money on an exersaucer that is going to keep their interest. I think this is just a "trendy" toy that people like to have but when it comes down to it, it's not necessary.

Review #: 199
Date: 09 27, 2013
We purchased the Rainforest Jumperoo for our first son and he LOVED it!  Unfortunately, during a move, the movers lost the main plastic ring that the seat and toys fit into, and hangs from the springs.  It is not a piece that Fisher-Price offers for replacement, so we had to purchase a whole new Jumperoo when our second son arrived.  He is 5m old and LOVES it!  He is above the 99% in height and weight, so he fits perfectly and will have many months of entertainment.  I like that it gives him a place to play that isn't laying down or sitting at an incline.

Review #: 200
Date: 01 27, 2014
Our little one just didn't like it. It could be different for others but there is not much interaction that can be done on others like I have seen. Like others have said, one of the toys just flops to the side but our little one liked to put it in his mouth. The toys that hang from the top are just for looks, you cannot reach them or touch them, the toys on the seat, in my opinion are for older children (mine was 6 months when we tried to use it and is now 8 months) they take a lot of strength to turn the toy, etc. I have just seen some really interactive bouncers now that have toys you can add, take away, etc. I would definitely recommend looking at other options for the price.

Review #: 201
Date: 06 30, 2012
My 6 month old was laughing and bouncing they very first time we put him in the Jumperoo.  He was only in it for about 10 minutes.  However he has started complaining after 5 minutes all the times after.  I don't know if it's because he's hurting somewhere or just annoyed.  He'd be bouncing and crying at the same time.. So I haven't been putting it to much use at all- once every other day for a few minutes.  MAYBE enough time to walk away to start a load of laundry but that's it.. The toys on the saucer are entertaining for a while.  The color wheel, tiger and elephant are the least stimulating and he barely ever looks at them.  It takes up a lot of room for something that's barely touched so I'm kind of regretting the purchase.

Review #: 202
Date: 01 7, 2009
My son LOVES this thing and the best part is when I put him in there he won't be going anywhere (like the walker daddy go him). It's prefect and very durable, he's tried and tried to pull down the toucan and frog but there are still up there.

Review #: 203
Date: 02 10, 2014
I bought this one above other Jumperoos due to the number of great reviews.  I am not disappointed, it takes the place of the saucer and a doorway bouncy.  Our LO loves it and so do we.  I would highly recommend this to others.  *note one person said the elephant is a potential hazard.  I agree, it is very tightly attached and both her father and I think it could pinch little fingers.

Review #: 204
Date: 03 23, 2013
I got this for my grandson for Christmas and he was able to start using it at 5 months.  He is tall for his age, at about 27-1/2&#34;, but he is long in the torso and short in the legs, and a baby with shorter legs wouldn't reach the floor without a cushion or something under his feet.  I agree with reviewers who said there should be a lower setting, as a lot of babies might not be able to use it at this age and I imagine he won't want to stay in it long after he learns to crawl..At 5 months my grandson enjoys playing with all of the toys on the bouncer, and the music and sound effects can be turned on or off.  Babies need a change of pace so he goes from one-on-one attention to this to tummy time or his play mat. He loves the bouncing feature  and caught on to that almost immediately. It's good for building strength in his legs and the toys are good for hand-eye coordination. He loves to grab the big bug that hangs over the side and examine it and hit it on the side of the seat.  He also holds the elephant, parrot and monkey and looks at them closely.  He spins the ball with the sun in it and spins the colorful wheel. He seems to discover new things he can look at or do in it all the time.Like anything else, this has to be used in moderation. It isn't a babysitter, and a baby shouldn't be left in it any longer than he can tolerate it or find it interesting -- and not more than 15-30 minutes anyway. Babies need variety, and they need floor time to learn how to roll over, crawl and eventually stand. Sometimes he seems uninterested in the bouncer, but after I just talk to him a little he gets bored with me and goes back to bouncing and playing!Nothing is 100% safe for a baby -- he can pinch his finger between rings on a stacking toy if he happens to lean of it with his other hand! This is a very sturdy piece, but it does require some assembly, so read the directions and do it right! It's heavy with a broad base to prevent it from tipping, and the seat cradles the baby's body to prevent the baby from slamming around in the seat as he plays or bounces. I really can't see how the bouncer wouldn't be safe used with supervision and attention to the size of the child. My grandson sits so low in the seat, even with his long torso, that I can't imagine him ever tipping it.

Review #: 205
Date: 11 15, 2012
My daughter loved this jumperoo. And I loved that it folded up! It was kinda hard at first, but once I figured it out- it folded p great. Especially since our place is rather small!

Review #: 206
Date: 06 20, 2013
This has been a lifesaver!  My daughter first experienced this at her daycare and loves this one over 2 other models.The music does not get annoying right away as others do

Review #: 207
Date: 12 20, 2011
Excellent buy!!! My baby along with all the other babies that come over and use the Jumperoo LOVE IT! One of the best baby purchases I have made!

Review #: 208
Date: 09 10, 2011
We purchased this product 5 years ago before our first child was born.  Three children later, this jumperoo  is still in great shape and our children have loved it.  It's sturdy, entertaining, and helps your little one use up some energy jumping up and down.  It's in such good shape we are passing on to my brother who is having his first child.  It's definitely a must have!

Review #: 209
Date: 01 31, 2012
My daughter has been using this jumper since she was about 4 months old (she's almost 7 months now). She jumps in it occasionally, but the odds and ends around her are more than enough to keep her entertained for quite a while! It's very sturdy and well designed. It's still very bulky when folded up, but we tend not to put it away because she uses it frequently.

Review #: 210
Date: 07 6, 2010
I was a bit skeptical about purchasing this item as it was so expensive to me.  But after reading reviews and looking at photos I decided to buy it.It was by far the best thing I have ever purchased!  She loves it and it instantly freed up tons of time for me as I could get things done as she happily bounced away. It has multiple levels so she can use it as she grows and it folds flat so I can take it to Grandma's house. It also makes animal/jungle noises everytime she jumps ( you can turn this on/off this feature as it tend to get bit irritating).I would recommend this item to anyone ad would definitely say it was worth every penny. Buy it!

Review #: 211
Date: 11 7, 2010
Baby--six months old--loves this. I was worried about the benign neglect of a jumperoo, but my baby was getting restless and bored lying on his tummy or back or in a pack or a stroller... you get the idea. Now, he is able to expend some of his energy so that he can be happier on the floor getting ready to crawl. I put it in the kitchen as I get my morning coffee and he hops joyfully, playing with the toys, grinning, for about half an hour, then eats breakfast, bathes, and naps--no tears, no fuss. It's just fantastic.

Review #: 212
Date: 12 16, 2012
Amazon has the best price for this jumperoo.  I paid under 70 and people are selling their used ones for the same price as I got mine new on here.  My daughter didn't use it to much but that was more because I didn't put her in it enough.  When she did use it she enjoyed her time in it.  She loves the bird and frog hanging from the leaves and even when she wasn't in it she would stand around the jumper playing with the toys.  The sounds aren't overly annoying either.

Review #: 213
Date: 10 5, 2008
I started using the rainforest jumparoo with my little man when he was roughly three and a half months old.  At the time, he was fairly stable sitting up with support, but still had the bobble-head thing going on.  He was, however, old enough that he wanted to be upright and had begun getting frustrated when in his swing or bouncy seat for more than 10 minutes.I was pleasantly surprised at how deep the seat on the jumparoo is so it provides much more support and stability than I expected for my bobbly-headed little guy.  It also has tons of activities that even my three and a half month old was able to instantly appreciate.  It took him three or four times in it before he figured out how to bounce, but within two weeks he was a pro jumper!  Now he jumps and laughs.  He loves to be in it while I play music.  It's a great way to occupy him while I clean the house because if he starts getting fussy all I have to do is dance a little in front of him and he starts jumping and is amused for another 15 minutes or more!The only complaint I have, which isn't worth marking down the review for, is that it is hard to get his little legs into it.  I've found a trick, though.  When you pull the baby out, it pulls the cloth seat inside-out.  I've figured out that leaving the seat inside-out while I put his feet through the holes and then lowering him down into position works much better than fighting his kicky little feet into the holes when it's in place.-------------------------------------------------------My son is now 6 months old and still loves his jumparoo!  This has really grown with him.  We have moved the seat up a notch now because our little guy has long legs, but he has only discovered the frog and bird hanging up high within the last month.  He also has only recently figured out how to successfully spin the color dial and the lizard rattle.  He still is incredibly amused by his jumparoo, which is saying a lot.  Not many baby items have a life span of greater than 3 months, but this one does.-------------------------------------------------------I finally retired the jumparoo and stored it away when my son was almost a year old.  He was still totally entertained by it even for long periods of time, but he was close to the weight limit and he was so tall at that point that he couldn't effectively jump without the saucer slamming down.  I am so happy that he got so much use of of this item and I am definitely keeping it for baby #2!

Review #: 214
Date: 01 31, 2011
I bought this for my 5 month old daughter and so thankful I did.  Normally she doesnt like being put down or left alone(spoiled i know).  It took a bit of time to get used to but she loves her jumperoo. She is not quite tall enough to touch the floor and bounce but we just place a pillow underneath and she bounces with ease

Review #: 215
Date: 11 7, 2013
Awesome jumper!  We LOVE it!  :o)  We bought the Fisher-Price Luv U Zoo Jumperoo for our daughter and use at our house, which she loved.  However, we needed another jumper since my Mom was babysitting our son and wanted one of her own.  So after reading through reviews, we bought the Fisher-Price Rainforest Jumperoo.  Our son absolutely LOVES it and is the happest little guy in it.- We actually prefer the Rainforest Jumperoo over the Luv U Zoo because the toys seems to be lower to his level.  Not sure why but he seems to have an easier time playing with the Rainforest one.- We like how the Rainforest Jumperoo has a round base as compared to the Luv U Zoo base because it takes up less room.- We like how the Rainforest Jumperoo base pivots to be made smaller when not in use.

Review #: 216
Date: 11 22, 2007
We bought this last week for my 6 month old daughter. She LOVES it. Immediately she started bouncing away. She loves the toys on this too. We also have the Evenflo Exersaucer, and she didn't care as much for that one. It's supposed to bounce, but it is so hard for her to pounce in it since it's all plastic and you have to go in a downward motion to get it to bounce. The Jumperoo is suspended, so she is able to kick off with her legs and get it going. I highly recommend it!!

Review #: 217
Date: 11 19, 2007
LOVE this. Although must admit, sad to see the pictures of babies asleep in them.Pro's: Baby can reach toys, (some products like this, toys are too far away for my baby to reach). He loves the songs on it. He loves to bounce in it. It's just a great, great product. So glad I have it.Only downside is that the height adjustment setttings do not go high enough. He will outgrow it really soon and he's only 5 months old! Wish they made it for longer babies!Well, well worth it.

Review #: 218
Date: 07 17, 2013
My 4 month old's feet can't touch the floor yet, even at the lowest height setting, but she loves the Jumperoo! She's jumping, smiling, and squealing whenever I put her in the Jumperoo. For one week now, the batteries are still running well and baby is still happy. Great activity to keep baby entertained, especially when you have things to do around the house!

Review #: 219
Date: 03 7, 2011
My daughter recieved this gift for christmas. She was 3m at the time. She has actually played in it almost everyday since Christmas. With all the bright colors and weird music, I don't see her "out-growing" this toy for a few more months. A+ Fisher-price.

Review #: 220
Date: 08 30, 2010
this thing is awesome. my son is only 3 1/2 months but has excellent head control so we got it and put a few books under his feet (because he can't reach the ground yet!) and he absolutely loves this thing! no problem to put together and so much fun! only thing is it takes a lot of space...but its soooo worth it!!

Review #: 221
Date: 11 8, 2013
We started using this around maybe 5 months old and our twins are now maniacs in this thing at 7 months old.  We only have 1 jumperoo and the other twin stares longingly when the other baby is in it.  Great exercise for them for strengthening their legs.  They get so excited.  Safe for baby.  A must have!  We've tried a couple other at friends' houses and this one if by far their favorite.

Review #: 222
Date: 05 24, 2014
One of my favorite purchases yet! This bouncer has great songs that aren't too annoying as well as three height adjustments. It has activities all the way around that my little one can spin and play with. Great buy and great price!

Review #: 223
Date: 05 19, 2011
baby sarah loves it, she finds the tv and the toys to help her pass time, great buy and her legs have got uch stronger in the time we have had it.  The toys are basic for us adults, but she loves them!!  the hieght of the toys up top make her reach for the bids and rabbit, so she learns to reach for the stars early!  just great...durable, safe, and amazons price destroys Babies r us even with their ridiculous 20% off days (hence,m we jusmp it 10% and you fall for it days!!)Enjoy, buy all baby stiff on amazon, you are 99.5% getting the lowest price...Bright Starts Wish and Wave Toy, Pretty in Pink

Review #: 224
Date: 11 18, 2012
We searched and searched for the perfect jumper, and finally we found it! She has since outgrown it, but used it for quite awhile. It always made her so happy. It was like a revelation the first time she used it. She jumped and jumped and didn't want to stop. She didn't bother with the toys at first, but quickly came to love them. All of the the built in toys are WONDERFUL. They kept her entertained. We have it stored away now for the next baby, but it still looks brand new. It's durable and the design is very cute. She liked the stuffed bird hanging down. She would try to grab it an reach it. A great motivation. It was also nice that you could adjust the volume.A definite must buy!

Review #: 225
Date: 04 13, 2013
I bought this two years ago for my firstborn, and my second-born is using it now.  Here is my review:ASSEMBLY:  Plan to spend 15-20 minutes assembling this.  It is not difficult, but there are a lot of different pieces.ENTERTAINMENT VALUE: This product was a hit with both my babies.  There are a lot of toys on the console, and they seem to really engage children.  Several of the toys have faces, which are always of interest to young babies.  The seat can rotate 360 degrees to allow the child to switch from one set of toys to another.  Not only is this product fun for babies, but it's also totally hilarious to watch them go bananas in it.SAFETY:  This is very stable.  I have no concerns about safety at all.  Obviously, you need to be in the room or nearby, but there's really no way for this to tip over or for the baby to climb out.STYLING:  From an aesthetic standpoint, this product is an abomination.  It's huge and cumbersome, and the combination of beige, pastels, and brights just looks horrible.  If the appearance of your living room isn't already ruined with ugly baby gear, it will be now.WASHABILITY:  The fabric seat comes out easily for laundering.  The fabric does not fade in the wash.  The toys can be popped out for washing.AGE RANGE:  This product will have a relatively short lifespan -- maybe 3-6 months of use... once a baby is crawling, the Jumperoo isn't so appealing to them anymore.  My kids started using this around 4-5 months of age.  My son tired of it by 8-9 months.  My daughter is only 6 months right now, so she's still going strong.  This is a good buy if you're just starting your family and plan to have more than one child.  Otherwise, it's the sort of thing that you'll use for such a short time that you may want to buy it from Craigslist or at a garage sale.  Used Jumperoos are very easy to find and will probably be in fantastic condition because of the short time of use.

Review #: 226
Date: 05 21, 2013
Since the first time we placed him in it, he was bouncing, jumping and laughing. There is the right amount of interesting sounds and toys for him to explore for a while, and it helps him spend some of that extra energy he has.

Review #: 227
Date: 12 12, 2010
This was very easy to assemble and had plenty of toys to keep my 5 month olds attention, but not too much to be overbearing. It was a little high for him even on the lowest setting so I had to put a pillow under his feet but it wont be long before he'll grow into it.  Overall I found the quality to be great and very stable (I was a little worried) and would definatly recommend this jumperoo to other parents.

Review #: 228
Date: 04 7, 2014
Its perfect! my son loves to play with every attachment. He is a pretty serious bouncer and this holds very well. It offers a head support that he likes to lay and rest his head on. Love that you can adjust the length. Cute, fun music with it. East to put together. Great price!

Review #: 229
Date: 02 29, 2012
This is the best activity toy I purchased this far! i have been putting my baby boy in it since he was 4 months old, he is 8 months now and still loves this as much as when he was first introduced to it. he can jump in it for 10-20 min with lots of excitement and giggles. its easy to adjust, attach new toys to it and keep it fun. i would highly recommend it, price is good as well.

Review #: 230
Date: 04 8, 2014
Our baby girl seems to really enjoy this item however she gets bored after about 20 minutes.It is however nice to give her something else to do for 20 minutes aside from playing on the floor and or in her play pen.She seems to really enjoy bouncing and working her legs and it does have really good bounce to it!  The items to play with don't really interest her that much anymore so we give her toys to play with in addition to the ones that are on the bouncer. She seems to just enjoy the bouncing motion more then anything.

Review #: 231
Date: 04 29, 2011
I wish I had bought this item a while ago.  My daughter loves to bounce, and she likes the branches and toys on it as well.  Much more fun that a stationary activity saucer.  I love it because I can park her in front of the TV and I know she's not going to crawl away and hurt herself while I'm vacuuming or running to the laundry room.  Great price compared to other products!

Review #: 232
Date: 01 17, 2012
My kids LOVED LOVED LOVED this. They would jump themselves right to sleep. It would keep them busy and they would cry when I tried to take them out. Also I really think it helped strengthen their legs. My daughter walked at 9 months and my son at 10 months!

Review #: 233
Date: 10 6, 2008
I really had my hopes up for this jumperoo with its stellar reviews. We waited till she was about 3.5 months before setting it up (basically, when she had good head control). Well, this jumperoo continues to frustrate her at 4 months. We had to put something underneath her feet so that her toes would touch, but it seems that the jumping motion really doesn't excite her too much. I know that could just be my daughter's preference. However, it doesn't have much for entertainment either. She gets bored of the toys easily.I agree with some of the other reviewers: the bug is like a dead flower, it just hangs over the side where she can't even see or reach it. The hiding tiger barely pops out when pushed..so boring. And even less stimulating is the rainbow wheel that spins around.She did enjoy the hanging frog and parrot. She likes to stare at them, but they are too high to reach...it would have been nice to have hanging toys that they can grab and activate or interact with.Lastly, the seat cushion is designed rather strangely. It's difficult to put her in and pull her out. The cushion sticks to her legs and comes up.All in all, pretty disappointed and I will seek out an exersaucer that may satisfy her more. If she starts to enjoy this as she gets older, I will modify my review.

Review #: 234
Date: 06 12, 2014
My son enjoys this item but has never been IN LOVE with it as he has with some of his other toys. It's a great place to set him down, especially since now he's walking, but he doesn't stay in it long before desiring to be picked up. Could just be his personality but he's not a needy baby...The other thing about this item is that it's not easy to store or move from room to room.If I could do over I would have bought something different.

Review #: 235
Date: 09 19, 2010
I bought this after a coworker recommended it to me, and I would definitely recommend this to others over a doorway jumper. It offers toys for the baby to play with in addition to just jumping, which can get old fast. We were a little confused by the bee toy (firefly, whatever it is supposed to be). The pictures on the box show it standing straight up like it is held up by a wire or spring, but in reality it's just attached by a piece of rubber and just flops over. Sort of misleading. Still very much worth the money.

Review #: 236
Date: 04 25, 2011
We bought this for my 9 month old and he's still loving it a year later. The toys around it still keeps him entertained. We laugh when we see how crazy he gets when he jumps in it! He's just so happy!

Review #: 237
Date: 12 30, 2010
I was so happy when I found this as Amazon for much less than at Babies r us.  My daughter Loves to jump in this jump-a-roo!  She gets so excited to jump in it that I cant let her stay in it too long, I'm scared she jump herself sick, lol.  Well worth the money.  My husband had it put together is about 30 minutes- and I heard no cussing, so I assume it wasnt that difficult to put together.

Review #: 238
Date: 08 21, 2013
This was a perfect addition to the other items we have bought for our son. Whether he is happy or sad when he gets put into this he instantly becomes excited and dances to the music. Definitely worth the investment.

Review #: 239
Date: 10 29, 2013
My baby loved this toy. I got it when she was around 4 months and she is 8 months now and still uses it from time to time. She loves bouncing and all the attached toys (especially the dragonfly, she will chew on that all day!). This was a life saver some days when I needed a place to put the baby and keep her entertained while I prepared dinner, or went to the restroom etc. Now that my baby is standing and crawling, I don't use it as much. I put her in this while I shower if she's not napping, and keep it close to the bathroom door in our bedroom so I can see it from the shower. She still loves it, but is definitely starting to grow out of being entertained by it. I think she'll still be interested for another month or two and then she'll be done. A little pricey, but I think worth it, especially if you are buying it with the plans on using it for future children :)

Review #: 240
Date: 02 28, 2011
I purchased this jumper for my 4 month old son and was so happy with my choice.  He loved it from the first time I put him in it.  The colors are vivid and toys are great as well.  It was very easy to assemble and is very sturdy.  Folds up easily so it can be taken from room to room with ease.

Review #: 241
Date: 07 5, 2012
I have owned this toy twice so far. I bought one when my daughter was 6 months old and thought she would love it. She ended up not liking it at all. She was not a "bouncy" baby. We ended up taking it back for an exersaucer instead. Fast forward 2 years later I had my son, he just turned 6 months and he's a bouncer. The exersaucer is not his thing, I ended up buying this again. He LOVES this so much. Onto the review of the jumperoo nowLike every other baby toy it takes up room, I do like that it folds down a bit but still bulky so be prepared if you have a small apartment. It has adjustable straps to grow with baby. My son is on the number 2 setting at 6 months. 27 1/2 inches. The seat cover is easy to get off and wash which is great. Very easy to clean most parts. The toys on the jumperoo are four different spinners...lizard, sun, rainbow disk and a small one with an animal sticker. I think they could have come up with some else, four is over kill. There is a peekaboo tiger which is hard for the baby to press and it doesn't come up far enough. My son doesn't even bother with that. A musical trio which is ok the animals dont do anything except the elelphant which the baby has to turn to see its face. The lights gets the babys attention. The other toy Is a bug on a long stick...in the picture it shows standing up..our flops over so half the time it hangs off the side. I think some of the toys could be better, it would be awesome if they made a jumperoo with interchangeable toys. Especially some bigger crinkle ones..I have yet to meet a baby who doesn't like crinkles lol What I liked most and it's something that bugs me on a lot of other toys but this one doesn't have this problem is volume control. I love that it is not loud! Finally they figured out babies are not deaf.  Overall  it's a cute toy and will def give mom a break to do some dishes. I would also recommend waiting until 6 months to buy the toy it's not for all babies. If you baby is a jumper I would recommend it if not an exersaucer would do fine.

Review #: 242
Date: 02 15, 2013
She loves it (6mos). She often falls asleep in it and has recently started playing with the bird and gecko animals that hang down from the leafs.

Review #: 243
Date: 05 9, 2011
Love this product.  It was a bit more difficult to assemble then some reviewers had posted.  The frame went together easily, but the darn fabric for the seat took some work.  I finally ditched the directions and went with pure common sense and it is together and working wonderfully.Our little guy is a very active 3 month old and got this as a gift for learning to hold his head up :)  He just loves it!  Has already learned to make the music play by bouncing and can turn the seat around even though his legs are still a bit wobbly.  Lots of back support for when he gets tired of holding himself forward.We move it from room to room and floor to floor easily, even had it outside under an umbrella for outdoor entertainment for the baby while doing the flower beds.Amazon had the best price, almost $20.00 less in some cases, from other sites and local stores, so make sure to shop and look for free shipping.

Review #: 244
Date: 03 16, 2008
My baby has loved this since she was about six months old. She can't reach the ground yet but she sits in here for a long time and manipulates the toys. She likes to be high up and see everything that's going on around her.

Review #: 245
Date: 10 11, 2009
My baby enjoys jumping in this but he's already bored with the toys that are attached to this. He enjoys his exersaucer more.

Review #: 246
Date: 07 7, 2010
My 7-month old daughter loves this jumperoo. It keeps her entertained for up to an hour! Wish I'd gotten it sooner. My only complaint is that the little bug that's supposed to stick straight up arrived all floppy. The package looked like it had been opened and re-taped, so I wonder if Fisher Price is using amazon to sell returned items. Floppy bug doesn't matter to me so I kept it.

Review #: 247
Date: 09 4, 2013
We were given a hand-me-down exersaucer which is great, however, it had way too many toys that it made my daughter cry. Also she wasn't heavy enough to make the exersaucer bounce so she just sorta stood there looking stunned.With this jumperoo - there aren't too many toys but enough that she stays entertained. Also because it's on bungee cords its intuitive for her to bounce up and down. It's a little tall for her (she's 25&#34;) even on the lowest setting but we just put some books under her feet and she's perfectly happy.I'd definitely recommend this toy for a baby who is just getting their jumping legs.

Review #: 248
Date: 03 16, 2013
As any (honest) mother will attest to: any product that is a guaranteed 5-45 minutes of (hands off!) amusement is a product to at least have on hand. This jumparoo saved my sanity and maybe my life several times. During my research, the secret snob in me wanted to get a different brand or a jumparoo/exersaucer that looked better/went with our more neutral decor. But after reading the reviews for this, I caved in- how could my desire for a less "obnoxious" looking jumparoo (and I'm being dramatic- it's not thaaaat bad!) supercede his need for entertaining education?! So, I bought it when my son was 3 months and he used it at the lowest setting with a blanket for about 2 weeks- at which point he grew into it. (T is a large boy though- consistently 95th for height and 75th for weight to give you an idea.) WOW! He loved it from day 1! It was a whole new world being upright and a bit more independent! He loves all the attached toys barring the tiger (which is totally stupid and even when pressed correctly, barely moves.) But that's not really an issue- there are plenty of other things of interest.At 7 1/2 months he has almost outgrown it length wise plus he is more interested in trying to crawl but the 4 plus months of heavy use were worth it- in fact I'd have paid double for what this toy has given me! Also, I've never replaced the batteries!

Review #: 249
Date: 11 25, 2013
My baby has lived this since 4 months when I got it. It is too tall so I stick a board game under his feet so he can touch the ground. The bug and lizard are great but the tiger and rainbow on the back side are really dumb and uninteresting. The tiger only pops up less than 1/2 inch. The seat does not swivel easily to the back but I don't care because the back toys are not that fun and the front toys keep him happy.

Review #: 250
Date: 06 7, 2011
My son loves this, it has 3 height settings, easy to adjust, and he loves the toys, he bounces for about 45 min. every morning! The toys on it are great, had to wash the seat once already, washed great!

Review #: 251
Date: 11 14, 2012
I purchased this when my son was a little over 4 months old.  At first he was a little scared but by the second or third time he got use to it and he loves it.  He's jumping up and down like crazy.  It's been a month and he still enjoys being in the jumparoo, definitely one of our favorite purchases.We especially like that it can rotate 360 degrees because if he's looking for me, he can turn himself around and find me.  The jumparoo is also nice that you can adjust the height of it, so if baby grows you can definitely adjust it to accommodate.  It's been a month and our son sits in it at least once a day everyday.

Review #: 252
Date: 03 1, 2013
We got lots of use out of this one!  My little guy gets restless quickly but this kept him entertained.  He would go nuts jumping in this.

Review #: 253
Date: 11 30, 2012
The look on our baby's face when we first put him in this jumper and turned on the sounds/lights was a moment we will never forget. We had put him in a couple jumpers at friends' homes and we knew he was ready for his own. He has used it nearly every day this past month and he still loves it as much as he did the first day. Now that he's growing he is better able to rotate by himself to the different "stations". He has a very short attention span normally but when in this jumper he stays entertained for 30-45 minutes normally. On a flat playmat or with other toys he generally only stays content for 5-15 minutes. It also gets the added bonus of being a sort of baby leash. Now that he can roll around and shift around the room I can't leave him unattended in certain spaces (think sewing room), but it's relatively easy and light to transport to a room and then he has fun AND stays in place. Perfect!Check out my other baby item reviews to see what items we love and hate. And be sure to let me know if my reviews help you in your decisions to buy!

Review #: 254
Date: 07 9, 2014
Its all great and everything, w the exception that my 6mo old(27&#34; & 20lbs) is now too tall for this. :( she got to use it for 3mo only...

Review #: 255
Date: 10 28, 2011
The Amazon price on this item is great and delivery was super fast. Overall, we've been very pleased with this jumperoo. It provides a lot of entertainment, he loves the music and the lights, and it is easy enough for a 5-month-old baby to jump in for a good 30 minutes at a time.Assembly is quick, though the seat cushion was a bit of a challenge. I had to ask my husband to help because it seems to require more effort than what I was willing to spare.The jumperoo is not very bulky, though just like any other similar toy, it does up quite some space in our room. I like the round base because it is easier to fit if you are looking to out it in a corner. It is also relatively lightweight (I am able to lift and move it with one hand while holding a 17-pound baby in my other hand) and easy to move (I like to take it to the kitchen while I am making dinner).I think the best thing about this jumperoo is the toys. My baby loves them all - from the ones up above and especially the little lizard rattle. I also like that the seat is cushy (in case your baby is like mine and jumps like crazy) and that the fabric can be removed to be washed (my son chews on his seat with great pleasure).All in all, a great purchase.And here's a video of my little guy using this jumperoo (in case you don't believe it's fun): [...]

Review #: 256
Date: 06 30, 2014
I got this for my son when he was 4 months old and he loved it right away! He is now 8 months and doesn't want to be confined but it was a great product in it's heyday!

Review #: 257
Date: 01 15, 2013
We bought this product when my son was 3 month old and now he is 6 month old and he loves it. Its really nice and easy to set up. It's safe and secure for any baby. My son play everyday for at least 2 to 3 hours in it. The toys are great and the music is cute

Review #: 258
Date: 08 15, 2012
After reading the other reviews, I purchased this for my son. At 3 1/2 months, he was a big, active baby who loved to practice standing and kicking, and had outgrown his swing. I thought this would help him get a workout so he would be tired out at bedtime.  It's a great product.  You are not supposed to leave your child in for too long a time, but it's great for when mom needs to grab a bite to eat, cook, or wash dishes.  It was easy to assemble and easy to clean.  Some of the toys seem less than entertaining for him.  He likes the chewy bug toy, the rotating lizard toy with beads, and the spinning wheel toys.  The other toys don't really interest him much. The real fun is in the jumping and bouncing.  If you have hardwood floors, it's best to put some sort of socks or booties on the baby so they don't hurt their little tootsies with vigorous bouncing.

Review #: 259
Date: 01 6, 2013
Baby loves to bounce in this thing and it keeps him entertained for a while. It's pretty well built and appears to be durable. It was fairly easy to assemble...probably took less than 30 minutes. We put a pillow underneath his legs so he can bounce a little better, otherwise he's on his tippy toes. I didn't give it 5 stars because one of the springs appears to have been preassembled backwards which makes the seat a little bit unbalanced on one side. It's not a big deal and I'm not concerned that they bouncer will topple over. I wish all the supporting bars had a toy hanging off of it instead of just the two because the baby likes to look up and reach for them.

Review #: 260
Date: 07 12, 2013
My son is almost 7 months old and this morning one of the three straps holding the Jumperoo came out of the holder and dumped him on his head, dangling from his legs which were still inside the harness. I am grateful that my son is medically ok, but it is unacceptable that something like this could happen to a child in a piece of equipment used exactly as directed. Buyer beware- don't risk your child's safety!

Review #: 261
Date: 12 2, 2011
Thank you to all the Amazon reviewers who reviewed this product!!! We bought it based on the high reviews and are so happy with it! Our son loves it!! He is almost 4 months old, is just over 25" and 17 lbs (doc says in 90-95%) and has great head, neck and upper back control (a must if baby is trying this out for the first time). He was too short on the lowest setting, but we made a little "platform" for him to push off of using foam puzzle mat squares. I also supervise when he uses it since he's not 6 months like most of the other baby users. The first time we put him in it, he just sat and played with the toys at first. Then he realized he could sway side to side by shifting the weight on his feet from right to left. Finally, he then started bounding up, down, left, right, in a semi-circle...smiling, laughing...priceless! The second time, I put it next to our plugged in xmas tree with lights and also put a mirror in front so he could watch himself. This also made for endless fun. Since he's younger than other typical users, I only let him play for 15-20 minutes at a time, supervised. He would love to stay in it longer, but I'll wait until he's a little older. I know every baby is different and all like different toys, but this was a homerun with our little fella!!! Thanks again!

Review #: 262
Date: 03 26, 2012
This came highly recommended by the entire day care. My daughter works in a day care center and they have a few different jumpers. They said this one by far was everyone's favorite including the infants.It is a lot more sturdy than the others. It arrived quicker than expected and even better than I thought. Our daughter is too young to go in it yet, but we removed the lights and sounds for her and she loved them already.

Review #: 263
Date: 02 2, 2013
I purchased this jumperoo when my daughter was 4 months old, she's now 8 months and still uses it daily. This toy is easy to put together and is easy to clean. My daughter loves to jump in this, and loves all of the toys-it keeps her occupied for about 30 minutes at a time. I would definitely recommend this product, and it was a great purchase for us!

Review #: 264
Date: 06 15, 2012
I bought this jumper for my son when he was only 2 months old and we have used it almost every single day sine then!  At 2-3 months old, we only had him in the jumper for 5-10 minutes and slowly added more time each week.  My son is now 4 months old and can be in the jumper for 20-30 minutes (probably would stay for longer if I let him)!  The toys are great for his age because he is just starting to reach for things so he is holding (and chewing) on the bug, and spinning the sun and lizard!As for it ever being too big for him...now way.  Yes, he is a big boy at 18 pounds and 27" tall so he fits perfectly.  When he was only 2 months old, we had to put a pillow on the floor underneath his feet so that he could "jump"!I am actually buying a second one to keep at my mom's house so that he doesn't just have to be held or lay on his playmat all the time.My son LOVES it and I would highly recommend this to babies of any age!

Review #: 265
Date: 09 9, 2011
My daughter will be 4 months on the 10th of September and I could not wait to get her one of these because she is very active and gets bored soo easily. I initially had done a lot of research because I wanted to buy my daughter the safest, most entertaining jumper that was most affordable for a family on a tight budget.After reading reviews and talking to other parents I decided on this particular jumper, I know fisher price is a good brand and relatively safe, so I purchased this product it came quite fast which was nice. One of the best things about this product is how EASY it is to put together I really thought I would need someone else to help me to put this together but I ended up doing it all by myself in about a half hours time.I love how there are so many different toys on there from the elephant and birds, to the spinning lizard, the sun and the tiger that pops out of the bushes. There is also a butterfly however the pictures on amazon are a little misleading because it shows the butterfly standing straight up, but the butterfly actually does not stand up at all in fact it actually just lays limp off to the side, but that's really the only downside to this product.My baby loves this she loves the music and the and how the colors light up when she bounces, I love that I can adjust it so it can grow with my daughter and will last a long time, her feet don't quite reach the ground just yet but I placed a pillow underneath and it worked just fine. Don't waste your money on the more expensive jumpers this is a great jumper to entertain your little one and keep them busy, and it's affordable

Review #: 266
Date: 03 17, 2014
I bought this for my 3 month old because he is developmentally ahead of schedule with head control and sitting up. He was getting easily bored and needed something upright to entertain him and to work on other skills. I researched jumperoos and exercausers for  days and finally bought this one. Overall, I'm happy with it. Even though he is too short for it, he still fits in the seat and can reach some of the toys (we just put books under his feet). I love the music (it's not overly obnoxious) and I love the variety of toys to keep his attention. He LOVES it.Here's my one complaint: I am VERY disappointed with the 360 degree seat. It really doesn't rotate easily. If I'm having a hard time spinning it, it will be impossible for my son. I'm hoping it will loosen up a bit, which is why I didn't return it, and he loves it so much, but I wish it spun better. We've tried soaping it up, we've double checked the cloth to make sure it wasn't getting stuck, and tried to wear in the wheels. Nothing worked. Sigh.

Review #: 267
Date: 12 31, 2009
We purchased this for our (at the time) 3 month old son because he was constantly trying to kick and stand.  He loved his walker but needed a little more fun on his feet.  The Jumperoo was a HUGE hit the minute we put him in - he laughs and jumps all over the place!  The bottom is easy to disassemble and fold to get through doorways.**The reviewer that stated the bottom disassembles itself must have received a faulty product, or did not assemble it correctly...I can find absolutely no way the Jumperoo could come apart without a person pressing the button that releases the section that folds.**The little butterfly toy is a bit "limp" on the side, but I have found it helps with his hand-eye coordination, concentration and problem solving skills trying to fish it up the side of the Jumperoo so he can chew on it.  The toys are wonderful and keep him amused for a bit so I am able to get some dishes clean etc.  He has fun, and Mommy gets some stuff done!  The Rainforest Jumperoo is one of the best toys we've gotten so far, and it was the least expensive of all the Jumpers we found!

Review #: 268
Date: 03 27, 2012
We actually bought this jumper second-hand and only paid a little for it. My baby got a lot of use out of this jumperoo. She loved all the toys and I thought the settings on the music were nice, I could turn them off when I just could NOT stand to hear those monkeys ONE more time or just turn them down if I was feeling more tolerant. ;)The height adjustment worked well for us and thankfully we never had any safety issues at all. She lost interest in it after she learned to crawl (she wanted to be off seeing the world, I suppose) but we got tons of use out of it for the several months she used it. I also liked that the height of the bird and frog could be adjusted.Even with already having been used by another baby everything worked perfectly so I am confident we will get even more use out of it with our next and last baby.It breaks down well for storage and we have it put away waiting for the baby due next July. Overall we are very happy with this product and would recommend it to others, after using it I can say that it would have been well worth paying full price for and if to have it for the next baby I had to buy another one, I would.

Review #: 269
Date: 01 23, 2009
My son ABSOLUTELY LOVES this jumperoo!!!!He had so much fun in this!!The colors are great, it's easy to assemble & adjust.If you're trying to decide between this and the bouncer, GET THIS!!!!!Totally more fun!

Review #: 270
Date: 11 26, 2009
At 4 months our baby began hopping a little in this jumper, but now at 5 months her jumping has become rather vigorous and the frame holds up very well! She really enjoys all the interactive toys and the music component that is motion-activated.VERY EASY TO DETACH AND CLEAN COMPONENTS: Like all babies, ours is a major drooler and puts everything in sight into her mouth. So, I love the fact that the components are so easy to take apart and clean. I've washed the seat cover a couple of times and the material has not pilled or faded.It was very easy to put together and the folding mechanism makes moving from room to room accessible. We had thought about purchasing the less expensive and simpler jumper that hangs from a door-frame, but decided that this would be a safer and more entertaining option - we are truly glad we did!

Review #: 271
Date: 11 11, 2008
This was the first 'big' toy I bought for my son. We got it when he was 3mos old...I had to put a dictionary under him so is feet would touch! Now, 6 months later, he's still a bouncing fool! My son has some crazy strong legs, and I absolutely credit this toy for helping him achieve that! It's great exercise for babies, and I love that the whole unit can be lifted as the child gets older.As I sit here typing this review, my son is just behind me bouncing away! An excellent purchase! I can't think of one thing I don't like about this toy! (And that's with just NOW finding out that it folds for easy storage! I had no idea it did that till I saw this page!) I can't recommend this toy enough! You're little one will get SOOOO much use out of this! A GREAT purchase!!

Review #: 272
Date: 12 8, 2010
This is definitely a wonderful toy.  Our baby loved it!  He never complained to take him out.  Our dr. told us they do not recommend this because it interferes with motor skills, I wasn't totally convinced, so I continued to use it about twice a day for 20 min.  I noticed our baby became more fussy, and more demanding.  He didn't like to sit still and play like before.  Although, he still did great whenever in the jumperoo.  He would move his head back and forth and seemed to want to go, go, go all the time.  We realized he may be over stimulated.  We then discontinued use of the jumperoo for a few days and saw remarkable improvement.  He now loves to be calm and play with a toy.  Although I am going to miss it, and I am sure he will too, we are going to get rid of it.  I was saddened to read the reviews that quoted their babies could sit in it all day and that some would fall asleep in it.  I just think if you use it, try to keep it as minimal as possible.

Review #: 273
Date: 01 30, 2013
Our 5 month old loves it! We bought the excersaucer first which he did not like much as it does not bounce enough. This he absolutely loves and will stay in for a long time.  Also the toys are much simpler for him to play with, although I am a little weary of the elephant that looks like it could hurt his little fingers like a guillotine.... I turn his seat away from that side and will probably take the elephant off once he can turn on his own.Great toy, and even if he cannot quite touch the floor yet, we just put a pillow under his feet and he is ready to go!

Review #: 274
Date: 04 22, 2014
I have two kids, one aged 2.5 and one 6 months.  My youngest has been different from my oldest in just about every respect except for how much they have both loved the Rainforest Jumperoo.  With my oldest in particular, this was a godsend.  He hated not being held by me for almost all of his first year and it was extremely difficult for me to get a minute to myself, except for when he was in this jumperoo.  When he was old enough for the jumperoo, his face would light up and he would shriek with delight as he jumped up and down like a crazy person.  He would play in it for 15-20 minutes at a time and would love it.  My youngest is the same.  She grins from ear to ear as she's bopping up and down in this thing, trying to put the various toys in her mouth.  She is just so happy, it brings me such joy.I highly recommend this baby gear item.  It's worth every penny and every inch of floor space it takes up in our small apartment.

Review #: 275
Date: 05 31, 2013
I have both theBaby Einstein Musical Motion Activity Jumper, Blueand theFisher-Price Rainforest Jumperoo. We needed two jumpers so I just bought both for variety but if I had to only buy 1 jumper, it would definitely be the Fisher Price. My baby LOVES the Rainforest Jumperoo. He laughs, squeals and jumps like crazy in it. He loves all the spinning thingies, the alligator and the sun.  He loves the elephant, monkey and the parrot in the front.  The parrot is definitely the favorite!  Hasn't figured out how to pop out the tiger yet.  Loves grabbing the blue frog.  He plays with each and every thing as he rotates around.  He is just so happy in this thing.In case you are debating which one of the 2 to get...... The Baby Einstein is definitely not as jumpy and the seat is not as snugly so I have to stuff some blankets in his back. I believe this affects the jumpiness of the jumper, the huge gap in the seat. So the Baby Einstein is basically like an exersaucer but it is better than aBaby Einstein Baby Neptune Activity Center, for instance, because you can switch out the toys. The Baby Einstein has those 2 arches and 6 loops. You can also attach even more toys with those plastic links such asInfantino Ring-A-Links Teether Set. I have switched out toys so many times as my baby grew. I didn't use the toys that it came with because they are not BPA free. I took off the sun and the cloud because he kept licking it. I didn't use any of the detachable little toys that it came with. I replaced everything with BPA free and organic toys. Obviously I left the piano and spinner but hey, you do what you can. Every little bit helps. So I would definitely recommend both. The Fisher Price as a jumper and the Baby Einstein as an exersaucer. I do put pillows underneath both because we have hardwood floors and I noticed that my baby's pinky toes would bleed when he jumped too hard.

Review #: 276
Date: 01 31, 2013
I bought this for my 4 month old becuase the activity saucer that we had just wasn't cutting it.  I was nervous getting this at first becuase I wasn't sure how she would fit in the seat.  Mainly was it going to be so she wouldn't be held in when it she was jumping around.  I'm so happy with this!  The seat is a good size and good depth that she fits snug in there, but has room to grow.  The head support in the back is a great feature, it prevents her head from going back and gives her a place to rest it too.  She is a bit too short to touch the floor but that is remedied by putting a pillow under her feat.  I know it's suppose to fold up to save space, yes it folds, but it doesn't save that much space.  This item takes up a lot of room, but it's worth it!

Review #: 277
Date: 07 18, 2007
Every child should have a Jumperoo.  I have purchased exersaucer and other items but this is by far the BEST.  My arms used to get so tired because all my little girl wants to do is bounce.  She loves this thing, she can bounce and stop whenever she wants.  Total giggle time!!!

Review #: 278
Date: 10 8, 2011
My son loves his jumperoo. He just figured out the other day that he could bounce and he has been going nuts. It has plenty of things to interest him and when he bores with one side I rotate the seat so he has a different perspective.

Review #: 279
Date: 10 21, 2011
7/12/2012: It saddens me to say this, but we've been told that our son is trying to walk on his toes instead of flat footed because of the jumper use from an early age. He still LOVES this jumper, but because of what we've been told by the PED, we can't recommend it and won't be using it any longer. If we had to do it over, we would have used an excersaucer until he could walk unsupported, then let him use the jumper. I hate to discourage anyone because not every child will have this issue, but it does happen and we are the unfortunate people it happened too.5/1/2012: Our son is nearly 10 months and still loves this jumper. He has figured out everything and knows how to use each item, but he doesn't seem bored in it yet. He loves the ability to jump. We've tried 2 other jumpers and they didn't work for him. This jumper is by far his favorite. I would strongly recommend this jumper as it is (1) easy to clean, (2) easy to adjust the height, (3) easy to move around the house (but doesn't fit through standard bedroom door frames), and (4) easy to pull the baby in and out. Excellent purchase!10-21-11: my son is 3 1/2 months old and not quite tall enough to reach the ground. However, he really likes this jumper! He is able to hit the objects to make the noises and he loves that it lights up! He can't spin himself yet, but we turn him and he looks at the other toys, but he's not quite ready to play with the other items yet. I'll update as he gets older, but so far, I recommend this jumper because of color, comfort, variety, and ease of assembly.

Review #: 280
Date: 02 11, 2013
After 2 kids/3 years this still looks brand new. It's a favorite at my house. The colors, toys, and music kept my kids entertained for hours.

Review #: 281
Date: 12 16, 2009
We got these when my girls were either 3 or 4 months, they are now almost 14 months.I had borrowed an Exersaucer from my friend, I'm not sure which one but it had a TON of toys. Both my girls were smaller than average and the exersaucer seat opening was too big for them to use, even if I put pillows or blankets in there. My girls also were not entertained by it and could not spin themselves around. I tried several times but they soon screamed if I even attempted to put them in it. So the search began for something else to entertain them and I decided on a Jumperoo. So many too choose from but based on the Tons of Wonderful Reviews and the price seemed good to me since I had to buy 2.My husband and I had these assembled in no time at all. When we placed our daughters in these for the first time, they did NOT scream or cry but their eyes were looking all over at all the new & interesting thigs. The seat opening was a lot smaller than the exersaucer which was PERFECT. It made my girls feel more secure & snug and I didnt have to use pillows or blankets around them. We did have to pile up some pillows under their feet in order for them to touch.At first they didn't know how to jump and occasionally they'd get excited and accidently jump and look excited. Have your camcorder ready because these are some very cute moments that you are going to want to capture. From that day on my girls have been in these everyday & LOVE them. With the jumperoo they can easily jump or bounce and it spins very easily. With the exersaucer all they can do is spin which seemed harder to turn and then can tilt which I think would make smaller babies feel like they were going to fall, they also won't get as much exercise in the exersaucer.The seats are soft and very durable. I've washed them many times in the washer and they still look brand new. The attached toys are also very easy to clean and I actually didn't think they looked too entertaining but my girls have always loved them. Sometimes they jump all around like crazy, sometimes they just chill & play with the toys & other times they just sit & watch TV or eachother. It is really funny if you have twins because you can see them mirror eachother in these, one does something & the other will follow suit.These are one of the items we've definately gotten our money out of and I consider a MUST HAVE. It gives me some free time while keeping them entertained & happy & SAFE! It also gives them exercise.Also sometimes one of my daughters really gets this thing rocking back and forth & she slams into the poles but this is a very sturdy & safe toy, it has never even once came close to tipping and she has definately tested its limits.One of my girls is now 20lbs so we've only got 5lbs more before she outgrows this. That is going to be a sad day considering how mucht they love them and they are part of our daily routine. I am going to have a difficult time finding anything even comparable to how wonderful this is.

Review #: 282
Date: 06 26, 2007
Well I had a Fisher Price Deluxe Jumperoo and my daughter loved it.  I got the bright idea to sell it and buy this version which looked so much cooler!  I can tell you I don't think the design is built as well, the frame jiggles in as baby jumps (the Deluxe doesn't).  The toys, while it seems there are many (10 total) are not that interactive...the two that hang are out of babies reach.  The fabric seat isn't as cushioned as the deluxe.  My biggest complaints though are the construction, compared to the Deluxe, it was harder to assemble, the fabric seat isn't as easy to get on and off for cleaning or as strongly held on the seat as the Deluxe, this seat has holes in the fabric used to "snap" it over plastic circles whereas the Deluxe has thick nylon tabs sewn to the fabric seat that hold this in place.  It is also harder to adjust the height levels.  I'll keep this but I am now in the process of trying to track down a used Deluxe to replace the one I sold.  Hard to believe these were made by the same company.

Review #: 283
Date: 11 30, 2013
This jumper is great!My son LOVES to jump and this is just what he needed.The jumper is adjustable so you can adjust it for the age.  We have it set and just put a pillow under him so he bounces off of that.My son is 6m old so the center area fits him very well.  he's big too - wears 9m+ clothes!This center has a lot of activities plus a little space to put small toys on.  I really like the back support and the sides as they're very soft.  He's not ready for a lot of the activities so we'll just have to see how he grows into them in the next few months.He can't really manipulate anything around him yet, he picks up toys I put in front of him and trys to turn the clear balls but he's not ready for it yet.  The dangley butter fly is useless at this age since it just falls and for a 6m old &#34;out of site out of mind!&#34;The elephant needs to be watched!  When it's turned make sure your child's fingers aren't there... it's a pinch hazard.  Why is this elephant backwards anyway!?I like that this jumper doesn't take up as much floor space (almost!) as a regular exersaucer.So far we haven't added batteries too it since there's usually enough going on and new experiences.  Think we'll add batteries later!

Review #: 284
Date: 08 24, 2008
My mother-in-law purchased this Jumperoo for my son when he was 4 months old.  He was a crabby baby and was only happy when I was holding him or if he was in the baby carrier.  We had an old Exersaucer from when my older kids were babies, and they loved it but my youngest had no interest in it.  I thought maybe the Jumperoo would be of no help, but it seemed more fun than an Exersaucer so we decided to give it a try.  WOW!  My crabby baby was bouncy like crazy, jumping and laughing!  My son's first laughs were actually in the Jumperoo!  He is now 8 months old and still loves to jump, he plays with the toys much more now than he did a few months ago and he like the frog and bird that dangle above his head.  I like that the seat comes out easily so I wash it.  The Jumperoo is quite colorful and holds my son's attention for over a half an hour at a time!  I definitely recommend the Jumperoo over an Exersaucer!!

Review #: 285
Date: 04 23, 2013
A lot of reviews noted that 4 month olds enjoyed it, so I just wanted to give my feedback after purchasing for a 4 month old, as normally I probably would have waited until 6 months for this type of item.Her feet do not come close to touching the ground, a good 6 inches from it (she is short for her age).  I have put a box under it, but it's really difficult to get something that stays put to help her get the point of jumping up and down.  The seat is comfy, so it's not horrible if she just dangles.  She's a bit overwhelmed by the toys, but she does like the thing that lights up.  Some of the items she wants to grab and put in her mouth, but unfortunately she's not quite able to reach them.I've been using just a few minutes here and there, as she cried immediately when we put her in it.  She seems to be coming around to it, but I still think in retrospect I would have waited a couple more months, as it probably won't get much use for now.

Review #: 286
Date: 10 4, 2011
My little girl started out below average on height so wasn't able to use this until 6 months.  Boy does she love it now that her height is average!  She started out having to curl her toes over to reach the ground and jump on the lowest of the 3 settings.  Now she jumps and jumps.  She even squeals with delight just looking at it wanting to get in it to play.It helps her build her leg strength and entertains at the same time.  She loves touching and pulling on the frog and bird overhead which are height adjustable.  My daughter also loves the lights and music when she jumps.  There are so many things for her to explore on this.Overall, she doesn't seem to get bored with it until she's tired.  It allows her to stay "vertical" without being held as she still needs to sit up assisted.  So as a parent, you can place it where she can see you and take care of a few things like her laundry!

Review #: 287
Date: 09 30, 2013
This may be the best $100 i ever spent. Bought it for my daughter when she was 5 months old. She liked it straight away, but it took her a few goes before she started to jump. She's now 6 months and LOVES it. She jumps like crazy and smiles and laughs in it. I love that I can put her in it and for 10 minutes i know she can't go anywhere so I can get a couple of quick chores done (whilst checking in on her every couple of minutes of course). The only downside I suppose is that it's quite bulky and not really easy to move, so it has just stayed in the same place in our living room. But it's definitely worth it for how much she loves it. Would recommend.

Review #: 288
Date: 12 20, 2013
Got this for our son when he was 3 months old. He cried instantly when we first put him in it. I think it was just foreign and loud and scared him. We kept him out of it that day, but tried again the next, and he immediately started playing with the rattle. We used this religiously from months 3 through 5.. every day, several times a day. Sometimes he would stay in it for 20 minutes at a time loving every minute, other times he could only stand to be in it for 5 or 10 minutes. Either way, it bought us some time throughout the day to keep him safely occupied while we got things done. Seat cover is washable. He played with every part of that jumperoo including the creatures dangling from above. Music isn't annoying for parents either (at least for us it wasn't) and there's 2 volume settings as well as a setting for constant music versus only when baby is actively moving. Once he started crawling around, he just didn't want to be in it anymore, which is understandable. So we have a gated play area for him now.  But for those early months, absolute lifesaver.

Review #: 289
Date: 03 29, 2011
My 9 month old daughter has been using this jumperoo since she was 4 months old. She loves jumping in it and has a blast doing so! She also loves playing with the toys! The music is fun, and I like how you can choose whether you want the music to play continuously or only when the baby jumps.

Review #: 290
Date: 12 15, 2012
This is an awesome product, it does an excellent job in keeping little ones entertained. Item received promptly and exactly as pictured/described. I would recommend this product to anyone. Thank you so much! =)

Review #: 291
Date: 11 21, 2010
I bought the jumperoo for my 3-month old grandson and within 2 days my daughter had her "Crazy Legs" video uploaded to the internet.  My grandson LOVES this activity - even when he's cranky, he keeps jumping.... the games keep him interested, and the bouncing never stops.  He's on the second level now and is having more fun than ever.  A MUST for all babies!

Review #: 292
Date: 03 8, 2013
My son loves this! He is only 2 months old so hes still a little small for it at the moment but I occasionally put him in it for very short periods of time when I need to keep my hands free while getting dressed etc, its the only thing he doesn't scream in. Forget rockers and swings etc my son prefers this.

Review #: 293
Date: 04 17, 2010
My baby didn't like it much in the beginning.She just sat in it and didn't use it for jumping. Now when she is 6 month she start to jump in it and can spend about 20 min. in it. I can eat my lunch while she's watching and entertaining me jumping in it. Toys are fun and dragonfly is always in her mouth:)It seems to be stable and in my opinion it's much safer than door jumpers.

Review #: 294
Date: 11 4, 2012
My 20 week old little guy (16 lb and 26.5" long) really enjoys this jumper.  He's likes playing with the toys that are on the sides; they usually occupy him for around 15-20 minutes or so.  He doesn't properly "jump" in it yet (his feet reach the ground, but he doesn't stand flat-footed yet), but he sorta bounces around when he gets excited and starts kicking, lol.  My friend suggested that I get a jumper instead of an exersaucer because the baby will be able to use it longer.  All in all, I think it was a great gift from his Grandma and Grandpa and will help prepare him for his crawling and walking stages!  As usual, Amazon (I'm a Prime customer) made this purchase quick and painless.

Review #: 295
Date: 06 20, 2012
My son has used both the Baby Einstein Musical Motion Activity Jumper and the Fisher Price Rainforest Jumperoo.  While both are good jumpers overall I prefer the Fisher Price Rainforest Jumperoo.Amount of Bounce:  This is one of the biggest differences between the two jumpers.  The Rainforest Jumperoo has a lot of bounce to it so baby can have lots of fun with it.  The Baby Einstein jumper does not have a lot of bounce, in fact it has less bounce then any other jumper I've tried.  I think the difference may be due to where the elastic cords are attached and how long they are-on the Baby Einstein Jumper they are attached out to the side and are relatively short whereas on the Fisher Price Jumperoo they are attached up high and are longer.Durability:  I have not had any problems with the Fisher Price Rainforest Jumperoo.  The piano on the Baby Einstein Jumper broke within a few weeks.  I contacted the company and they sent out a replacement for free but it was still annoying to have to deal with.Toys:  My son enjoyed all of the toys on the Fisher Price Jumperoo especially the spinning bead ball and the bird and monkey that hang down (he would constantly try to reach for them).  He loved the piano on the Baby Einstein Jumper but didn't really care for any of the other toys.Adjustability:  The Baby Einstein Jumper has five different height settings whereas the Fisher Price Jumperoo only has three.  The height settings start much lower on the Baby Einstein Jumper making it the better option for younger/shorter babies.  The highest height setting on the Baby Einstein is significantly shorter than on the Fisher Price Jumperoo.  It is much easier to change the setting on the Baby Einstein Jumper than on the Fisher Price Jumperoo.  On the Baby Einstein Jumper you just turn the knobs along the support poles and move them up to the next notch.  On the Fisher Price Jumperoo you have to unthread and rethread the lines holding the jumperoo in place which is a major pain.Height/Weight Limits:  The Fisher Price Jumperoo goes up to 25 pounds and 32 inches.  The Baby Einstein Jumper goes up to 25 pounds and 30 inches.

Review #: 296
Date: 04 27, 2013
My daughter is almost 6 months old, almost thirty inches, and almost twenty pounds.This product came to me in plenty of pieces, but opening the instruction booklet took me just about twenty - thirty minutes to set up on my own. Basically, looks intimidating, but very simple setup. It requires 3 AA batteries.Once everything was set up, I put my daughter in it immediately. She's been dealing with a cold since last night, so it's been a little tough on her. She smiles a lot regardless, but let me tell you...this jumper is probably the best thing I have ever purchased for my daughter outside of my breast pump... because it makes her just as happy as it does me. She has never been in a jumper before, but she was bouncing around within just a few minutes like a little pro! And the giggles, she giggled like she never has before, almost as if she didn't have a cold whatsoever.This product has all the bells and whistles as the videos advertise..and geez, is it worth the money. Every entertainment item on this jumper has been touched and enjoyed by her thoroughly, even on the first use. :)I know I have only had it for one day, but I'm certain my daughter will love it for a while as she learns to kick her little legs and move the seat 360 degrees as it was meant for.I would buy this product again and again. I will probably consider getting it for my friends' children, I love it so much.  .

Review #: 297
Date: 07 8, 2013
My baby loves it!  He is almost 5 months and is growing fast.  I wanted to get something that would entertain him while I cleaned the house because he cries every time I leave the room.this is the perfect distraction plus it helps him learn to balance and jump.

Review #: 298
Date: 12 4, 2013
I can't even start to describe how much my son loves this toy!  He uses it so many times a day to get all of that energy out!!  He was able to sit and play with the toys at 4 months, and he is 9 months now and still loves it.  Now he uses it for the jumping function.  Great quality product.  The toys are very entertaining to my son.  He can move around easy and the jumping springs allowed him to jump even at an early age.  He was a little short for it at the beginning, but we just put a pillow under him, and it worked fine.

Review #: 299
Date: 03 11, 2014
We put this together a couple of weeks ago which was easy by the way.  My son loves it and cannot get enough of it.  He is tall for his age but can already touch the floor at 3.5 months on the lowest setting.  I cannot get enough of watching him giggle and smile when he is in it.

Review #: 300
Date: 02 20, 2014
This is the best money I have spent in a long time. When my son was about 4 months old, he began to need to be entertained a lot. Seeing as it was the dead of winter, I don't know what I would have done without this. He absolutely loves it. If you are trying to decide between the jumping stationary versions of this type of toy - definitely go with the jumper. Way, way more fun.

Review #: 301
Date: 08 25, 2009
I am a first time grandmother and bought this for when my granddaughter visits my house.  My granddaughter loved this from the moment she was put in it.  She loved being supported by the seat and was able to get jumping right away.  She was just a little over 4 months old when she started using it. Now she is 6.5 months old and still loves all the toys and has started "talking" to them while she plays.  Sometimes she's jumping like there's no tomorrow and sometimes she's just sitting in the seat playing with the toys, turning the seat around to get to them all.  I've taken the seat off to wash in the machine in cold water and hung it on the line to dry, it came out very nice.  Baby's parents like it so much they take it to their house for her and then bring it to my house when I watch her. They know not to show up with baby without the jumper.  I wish they weren't so expensive because it is a pain to haul around, the latch on ours does not work well, so it is very hard to fold up.  We have started taking the poles apart instead and that helps us get it through the door.  They are very easy to take apart and they snap back together securely. I bought ours used so I don't know what the previous owners did to the latch.  I still love it.  I'm happy to keep my granddaughter because I know I can put her in the jumper and relax for a while.  I often keep her for many hours at a time so it has been a lifesaver.  I would give up the baby swing before I would give this up.

Review #: 302
Date: 05 4, 2012
We bought this Jumperoo for our then-4-month-old daughter about a year ago. At first she did not know what to think of it, sat in it and stared at us. By the time she was 6 months I could not tear her away from the thing! She is 15 months now (still under 25 pounds) and she STILL loves it. It's secure enough around her that she can't climb out of it, so she still uses it. She has used it and enjoyed it daily for well over a year! Can't say that about ANY other toy we purchased for her! We had a new baby this year who is now 4 months and we started to put her in it as well - I'm sure she'll enjoy it just as much! It folds up easily and can be moved from room-to-room with relative ease. Great battery life - in the one year we've had it I only recall changing the batteries once and the music plays daily. If this were full price I would STILL say it is worth every dime! It's been a lifesaver, especially that hour before bed when baby is cranky but it's just too early to put her in her crib.The only con: The paint on the toys does chip. I contacted Fisher Price and they said it's non-toxic but sent me new parts free of charge, so they have good service. Despite this, I still give it 5 stars!

Review #: 303
Date: 04 21, 2010
Early Intervention/physical therapist says to limit babies usage to no more than 30 mins a day! Same goes for other Jumpers that hang from the door frame. Its not good for their legs.this is bulky and hard to move. The three posts shake and create lots of noise.Although they are a "safe" place to put child, while older kids are in room or have to run to the bathroom. I like the "exersaucer" style better.

Review #: 304
Date: 12 31, 2010
At first, my daughter didn't really like it in here (she was 3 months old when I first put her in). However, now that she is 4 months she has learned to jump/swing herself about and she's actually playing with the toys. She spins the sun, the lizard, swings the bird, and spins all the toys. The reason I rate it 4 stars instead of 5 is because even at the lowest setting my little one still cannot touch the floor (I have to put a box so she can jump). Also, the music/sounds are horrible and repetitive! When I try to put the music on she hates it, I have to lower the volume and leave the animal sounds without music only. I'm not sure if mine is faulty, but when I switch it to the music section the animals go "crazy" not letting the music play through..too repetitive! This would have gotten 5 stars if they included good music (maybe classical music would have been nice) and a lower setting for the jumping section. Other than that my baby stays in here for more than an hour, enjoys it and smiles a ton.

Review #: 305
Date: 01 29, 2012
We were very disappointed in the Rainforest Jumperoo. In my opinion it's quite poorly designed. The two hanging animals are not reachable and this frustrates baby. The tray table panel is hard making it uncomfortable on baby's chest when baby leans forward. The elephant is facing outwards so baby can't see it. The pop up tiger barely pops up and so child is not engaged. Spin device and polka dot butterfly are enjoyable. It is massive and takes up way too much space in a Manhattan apartment. I am surprised it has 5 stars.

Review #: 306
Date: 07 19, 2013
Buyer Beware! This product may cause uncontrollable urges in your baby to jump... even when baby is not in the jumper.I bought this for my daughter when she was 4.5 months old. At first, she wasn't all that into it. She sorta stared at all the toys and immediately figured out how to make the lights and music come on with the toys, but she really didn't understand the whole &#34;jumping&#34; aspect of the jumperoo. It wasn't until I tried it again at about 5.5 months (we went on a long vacation), that she found the true joy this toy can bring. As soon as she realized that she could throw herself up and down at high speeds, she wants nothing more than to jump forever. Even when I hold her now, outside the jumper, she kicks her legs and tries to jump. When I have her &#34;stand&#34; in front of me, she kicks her legs to jump more. It's actually somewhat of a problem because I can't hold her with one arm or she'll go flying!Even in the bathtub, her legs have gotten so strong, she soaks me with water from all the kicking! But I really love watching her squeal and bounce around in the jumper, and it is a life saver when I need to get things done. She especially enjoys the fly because it's the only toy on the Jumperoo that she can get into her mouth. I actually wish it wasn't there because sometimes she tries to chew it and jump and you can imagine how bad it hurts when she ends up biting her own mouth or tongue mid jump. She also really seems to enjoy the hanging frog, she's always reaching for it. Really I would say the only toy on here that seems a bit of a waste to me is the pop up tiger, but who knows? Maybe she'll figure that out and enjoy it in a month or two.I wanted to address the complaints I read about before purchasing this, about how some people's babies had a hard time turning in this to get to the other toys. Mine has had NO problem at all turning herself around from toy to toy. She even did it well at 4.5 months, so I don't know if maybe those people had a more stiff version of the jumperoo than I did, or my baby has stronger abs, or what, but I haven't had any issues with that at all.As far as reaching the ground, at 4.5 months we used a chair cushion to help her reach and now she reaches the floor really well, but she's also sort of tall for her age, around 27&#34; tall, and I wouldn't really put a baby shorter than 26&#34; tall in the jumperoo without a little help like a cushion or a book or something to help them reach.Overall, this is one of the best toy purchases I've made so far for my baby.

Review #: 307
Date: 03 4, 2011
I love this jumperoo. My daughter is a little young, 12 weeks on Monday, but she loves the toys! She's a little short, so we're using blankets. My only thing is the elephant is backwards. My daughter is looking at the backside of the elephant, I thought that was strange. But other than that, the seat rotates pretty easy and the toys seem to be good quality. :) Very happy with this jumperoo!UPDATE: My babygirl is loving this jumperoo more and more over time! Now she is rolling the lizard rattle and rolling the sun. she gets excited when i push the parrot towards her. She is loving this!

Review #: 308
Date: 12 24, 2007
I got our son this toy when he was just over 2 months old. Having developed great head and neck control at a very young age, I thought it would be a good idea to let him develop his gross and fine motor skills early. It was the BEST get ever! The moment we put him in it, he rocked, jumped and touched like there was no tomorrow. Now, at 4 months, it's still his favorite toy. The biggest challenge with our boy is that he incessantly craves for something new to stimulate him, but with the Jumperoo, boredom is never a problem. The lights and the colors provide just the right amount of stimuli to satisfy our ever curious fella.I would have given the Jumperoo a 5 star if not for the lousy stalk that I think is supposed to prop the bee toy up, but instead, it leaves it dangling and useless, unless you move it closer for your baby to see and touch.Other than, the Jumperoo is great! It definitely provided the much needed workout for little boy's incredibly strong legs.

Review #: 309
Date: 10 24, 2011
This is a really great jumper. We bought this for my daughter and now my son is using it. It holds up really well and only thing have had to do is wash the seat before handing down to my son. I like that it's not too over busy like some execauser/bouncers that have toys on every single surface. This has 3 nice little stations and keeps them entertained for awhile at each. It breaks down to where storage is easy as well.

Review #: 310
Date: 01 24, 2013
Lovely colours and shapes. My granddaughter gets excited when she knows we'll put her in ti. She loves it. So do all of us watching her.

Review #: 311
Date: 06 30, 2012
When we 1st brought this out for our son, he took to it immediately. He would bounce in it forever! A few times he would even bounce himself to sleep in it! He loved all the toys and music. I'm so glad we had this and can't wait to use it for our next baby!

Review #: 312
Date: 11 29, 2013
Purchased this for my 5 month old grandson. He loves to jump and play with all the activities. I would highly recommend this Jumperoo.

Review #: 313
Date: 07 10, 2007
Our little girl does not like to be put down (3 1/2 months old) but she was kicking so much I figured we had to try the jumperoo. She doesn't like her swing much, nor her bouncer chair (because we have to let go of her to put her in these things) but she is in awe of this jumperoo! We put her in and she is mesmerized. She eventually starts half-jumping to the music and hasn't gotten sick of it yet. Yesterday she was in it for 20 minutes in the morning and 40 minutes in the afternoon. It is large but we just dedicated a space in the house for it since this is about the only thing we can put her in without a fuss. It was easy to assemble also. Note: the flower does not stand up like the pictures. I thought there was something wrong with it because it just flopped over, so I called Fisher Price. They explained that it is like that so that babies don't pop themselves in the eye with it, and they can teeth on it easier when it's floppy. Makes sense! Anyway, we love this thing and it is so much fun to watch her bounce around in it.

Review #: 314
Date: 03 13, 2013
This is very cute and seems like it will be very entertaining for my baby once he is born. So far I like it. Lets just pray he does;O)

Review #: 315
Date: 02 4, 2012
we like this jumper and so does our 5 months old son. our only complaint is that the leg openings are so small that getting him in there is a two person job: one to hold baby and one to get the feet through the openings. also, at the lowest setting our baby is far away from reaching the floor with his feet (at 25 inches), so we had to prop some magazines and a yoga mat unter his feet so he would not just hang there. long story short: nice item but leaves room for some improvement.

Review #: 316
Date: 09 22, 2012
We bought this because of all the great reviews.  Even when looking at other products most reviewers always came back to the Rainforest Jumperoo.  It was very easy to assemble and my son was sold from the beginning.  He will jump like crazy and it brings such wonderful smiles and laughs out of him.  He will also just sit and play with the toys as he turns around to find more and more.  The seat is very easy to remove and clean which is a huge plus!

Review #: 317
Date: 01 14, 2012
Seriously, when you ask your baby if she wants to play in the jumparoo, and she laughs and makes happy excited sounds, you will know you did right to buy this thing. The set up was pretty simple, and we had it assembled in a few minutes. It is a stable jumparoo rather than a rolling one, which i think is a nice feature personally. The seat seems pretty comfortable. We noticed that our daughter seems to lean forward in it a bit, but i think that is really more because she wants to look more closely at the various playthings that surround her rather than any crafting imbalance. The seat does rotate, which really brings this thing to life once your baby figures it out. Two of the three knobs on the top of this have little dolls suspended from them (a toucan and some sort of spotted frog). The other stuff is separated in thirds...the primary third has a little monkey, an elephant, and a bird. This section also has the audio controls...pretty much any direct contact will set off a bunch of animal sounds, and of course, messing with each individual animal releases its song, which is encapsulated within a little ditty that accompanies the animal noises. Let me tell you....it can be annoying, but you can easily tune it out. Our daughter though just adores it. She jumps up and down, swats and spins the animals, and just laughs and laughs at the noises and music that comes from it. The second section is a larger spinner with a crocodile inside, and the last third is an even larger spinner with a smiling sun. Our daughter like them as well, although it seems like she appreciates them as little diversions before getting back to the main play section.So, all in all, judging from our daughter's reaction to this jumparoo, i would say definitely get one. You will be well rewarded with a happy feeling as you watch your baby have oodles and oodles of fun. I think it also helps with a baby's development of leg and back strength as well as their hand eye coordination from what i have observed.One note though...this is no substitute for your presence...although fun. our daughter will generally want out after a half hour or so. You can only swat a little elephant so many times in one stretch it seems, lol. So, great for when your baby is bored, and possibly you need to get the laundry folded or something, but it isnt a babysitter.Anyway,Enjoy!

Review #: 318
Date: 11 4, 2011
Seriously grows with your baby!! Our little one loves this and will bounce till she falls asleep she doesn't want to get out. There are just enough toys on there to keep her interested and her favourite is the little dragonfly that hangs down. I didn't think she would use it as it hangs down the side but she pulls it up and has fallen asleep holding it. She often grumbles when i remove her for a nap she loves it that much. We have named it the neglector as you can let them play in it in the kitchen while cooking dinner(we have a large kitchen) or even get the ironing and laundry done. Seriously every parent needs one of these

Review #: 319
Date: 10 15, 2013
I carefully considered the options. I went back and forth between brands. Will I choose the right one?Will she like it? Will it sit unused?? I narrowed it down to Fisher-Price. Then the choice was which one. I went back and forth, back and forth...oh, you don't know. THIS was a BIG deal. I read the reviews. I re-read the reviews.  I finally decided on the Rainforest Jumperoo.  It arrived.  Her mom unpacked it. She watched intently.  She was placed in it. Not sure what to think. She looked left. Then right. Then left. The bouncing began. It continued for 20 minutes! The butterfly was mauled and drooled on. Nothing was safe! YES....SWOOSH....SCORED!!  Nothing but net!!  I did great.  She loves it.  The sounds, the spins, the adventures.  Gramme gets an A+.  Two days ago, she played for 45 minutes bouncing up and down. When she finished.....she stopped and tilted her head to one side and fell asleep. Now, that is a great toy!

Review #: 320
Date: 04 15, 2014
Only con to this is my baby can't reach/see the tucan or the frog and stuff (her sofie or pacifier) tend to just bounce off of it.

Review #: 321
Date: 02 22, 2014
We had a jolly jumper and returned it for this jumperoo. My toddler loves the jumperoo BUT as they grows up she seems to be losing interest in it. She bounces around and then falls asleep in it which is absolutely adorable by the way but that seems to be the extent of her activity in the jumperoo. It takes up more space than the jolly jumper which folds up but this has a lot more bells and whistles and as a result is the winner over the Jolly Jumper in my opinion.

Review #: 322
Date: 09 21, 2012
I bought this for my daughter when she was 3 months old and I was totally exasperated because I couldn't put her down anywhere - she had suddenly decided she didn't like her bouncer, and whenever I put her on her play gym she would roll onto her belly and then cry. She also has bad reflux so I really wanted a way to keep her upright without having to hold her after feeds.When she first started using the Jumperoo she just enjoyed being able to sit upright, looking at the lights and listening to the music while swaying around a bit, but after about a week she figured out how to jump in it and that's when the fun really started. Watching her bounce around with a huge grin plastered on her face and her arms thrown up in the air was a total riot, and she would be happy in it for 20-30 minutes at a time which was a reeeeeally long time for her.One of the nice features of this Jumperoo is that it has different toys that will appeal to different ages to help keep their attention over time. Now at 4 months old she's more interested in chewing on the bug toy and spinning around the little alligator than she is in the music and lights. Unfortunately she has lost some interest in jumping and will now usually only stay in the Jumperoo for 10 minutes or so unless someone is sitting right there with her talking to her, but that's still better than nothing.One note is that even though my baby is on the bigger side and is the weight and length of an average 5-6 month old, she still can't quite reach the floor on the lowest setting. It isn't a big deal though - we just put a pillow under her feet and that solves the problem.

Review #: 323
Date: 02 19, 2013
This is a great toy!  Our son will be 4 months old in a few days and we introduced it to him last week.  He has been a VERY active baby since birth -- kicking, wiggling, looking around, ready to move.  While he isn't a big fan of tummy time, he loves to be held in a sitting or standing position.  So once we were confident that he was strong enough to hold his head up to play, we got the jumperoo.  And, of course, he LOVES it!  His favorite toys are the lion and the sun.  He figured out right away what he needed to do to make the lights/music play (we keep it on short play so he's forced to interact more).  He isn't tall enough to touch the ground on the lowest setting, but we put a pillow under there so he can kick off the ground.  He bounces, plays with the toys and turns the seat.  Awesome addition to our growing collection of baby toys!  Wish it wasn't so big and could be stored easily, but that's my only complaint (and I don't see a way they could remedy).

Review #: 324
Date: 03 17, 2011
I bought this for my daughter when she was 4 months old. She was barely able to touch the ground, did not have good use of her hands yet either, she did not care for it. I reintroduced it to her now that she is 6 months old and she plays in it for about 15 minutes at the longest.Pros:Good exercise for the legs.Keeps baby upright and off head.Has lots of fun toys to play with. Baby can explore and use hands.Motion activated music keeps baby engaged in the activity.Cons:This thing is huge. Takes up a lot of floor space.When folded inward is still huge and takes up lots of room in the closet.Music is kind of loud and irritating after awhile.Note: Your baby needs to be supervised when playing in this jumper. Do not leave baby in there too long. This jumper is very uncomfortable for the baby when they wet their diaper. Found this out when daddy was looking after baby and he fell asleep watching her (I was in the shower). My baby must have been crying for 5 minutes when I heard her crying. She was very angry at her dad for at least an hour afterward. So I know she did not feel good sitting in there that long and unattended to. The seat is very uncomfortable on the baby's bottom after awhile as well.

Review #: 325
Date: 09 11, 2008
My son will sit in this thing for hours, jumping away. It's very safe. I've tried to test it (without him in it, of course) to see if I can get it to tip or tangle in any way, and it just won't happen. I trust him in it, and it keeps him occupied for long periods of time. The dog even likes to jump up on it and give him kisses, and it still won't tip or tilt in any unsafe way. Highly recommended!

Review #: 326
Date: 08 12, 2013
So we had a jumper than hung from the door jam and my 4 month old just loves it. However, she can get overactive in it and actually hit her head on the side of the door post in one of her excited twirls. So I thought this would be a good replacement as the seat twists to explore different toys.  Now, my daughter is in the 95% percentile in height and her toes just barely hit the ground which added to the fact that once seated, her weight is too much (15.5 lbs) to propel the seat around to explore new toys.  The toys are kinda lame and only a few of them even entertain her.  I dont know how they get away with charging so much. It seems to be 3 times the price I should have paid.

Review #: 327
Date: 08 16, 2010
I could tell my son was a mover and a shaker from early on.  By four to five months I decided it was time to get a jumperoo and went out and purchased this product.  I know there are people out there that say jumpers are bad for babies hips and back and I can understand why.  I decided to talk to my pediatrician and a physical therapist before buying.  I got some really good tips such as transitioning the use of it in time increments and making sure that he was physically ready for it. Also I only use it once a day and do not use it to baby sit more like I want to email and he gets a little jumping time in.It was so easy to put together and use.  The toys on it really grew with my son over time.  I was not a fan of the teether, the paint came off kind of easy and it got thrown out pretty quickly.  When he was young certain ones really appealed to him and others did not.  As he grew he noticed something new every time I would put him in it.  Now he just jumps and jumps and jumps and yells out in glee for the entire time he is in it.  When he starts to get tired I try to walk over and take him out of it and he starts jumping in defiance as if to say, no I am not tired, please don't take me out of this thing.

Review #: 328
Date: 07 5, 2014
really fun toy for the baby.  he loves to jump in our arms and its very tiring to bounce him.  This was perfect solution, strap him in and he goes nuts in it and great way to wear him down.  burns off the energy and than is ready for nap.

Review #: 329
Date: 08 27, 2010
My son probably loved this jumperoo even more than breast milk for his 6th and 7th month. He would get in and have the time of his life bouncing around and laughing. The unfortunate thing is that it only lasted 2 months. He didn't care for it before the 6th month and got bored with it once he started learning to pull himself up on his own. If you don't have a problem with spending the money for a toy that doesn't last long this is a no brainer. If you're on a budget though, I'd look elsewhere or try and find one used.

Review #: 330
Date: 08 10, 2007
This is the only toy that my child loves to be in.  I would highly recommend if you have an active child that loves to move.

Review #: 331
Date: 01 5, 2014
My kid likes it a lot.  She's five months and she enjoys the lights, sound.  I put a book under her feet because she's too short to reach the floor to jump, which means this will last a long time, as she grows.  What makes it not perfect is that it's hard to get her into it, her body doesn't easily slide into the seat and her legs don't easily go through the leg holes.  The material was a PAIN to get onto the frame.  I finally grabbed a pair of hemostats to grasp the material and pull it over the little pegs.  It was like surgery!  When I had to take it off to wash I dreaded the task, but it turned out to be a bit easier the next time, getting it back on.  I was relieved and thought I was home free, but now the seat doesn't swivel as easily.  And this thing is HUGE.  It takes two adults to easily move it and it barely fits through a doorway.  Be prepared for it to take up a lot of floorspace.  People in small apartments or spaces should think twice about this model.Helpful hint:  to get the seat off to wash the liner, pop the legs off, then flip the seat over and push in the tabs, the seat will easily pop out of the frame.  When you reassemble it, make sure you don't twist the legs when you put them back in.

Review #: 332
Date: 12 5, 2013
Originally purchased the Fisher Price Luv U Zoo Jumperoo, and had to send it back because my son could not reach the ground on the lowest setting.  I then ordered this and it is amazing!  He could reach the ground and loved to bounce!  It grew with him and now he is over a year old and still loves to play with the toys hanging/attached to it. Occasionally he will still try to get it in it even though he is to big.

Review #: 333
Date: 10 3, 2013
My son is 6 1/2 months and we started using this at about 5 1/2 months. The first few times I put him in it, he just dangled there sort of confused and we had to put a thick blanket under his feet so he could reach the ground. But once he caught on that he could jump up and down, he LOVED it. He loves all the little toys and wheels and things to grab at, and we can put him in this to jump for easily 20+ minutes at a time (obviously supervised, but still let's you fold laundry or do other chores within sight). I don't know how long he will love this, but if he enjoys it another month or two, I think we got our money's worth.

Review #: 334
Date: 07 17, 2012
I'll agree with all the other positive reviews that this is a great product.  Its expensive, but I really didn't want to chance buying such a big eyesore and have my baby not like it, so I went with the one that seemed to get the best reviews.  And he definately loved it!  It is big, we have a small house, so there was no hiding this thing.  But my son really liked jumping in it, and it kept him occupied.The lowest setting is still pretty high up, even for my average height baby.  So the first few months we owned this I had to put a blanket or box under his feet.I do think my son developed really strong legs from jumping in this thing all the time.  So it was a good workout!I do find the music a bit too loud and annoying, but I have a low tolerance for baby gear.  I did not buy anything like this for my first child (in fact, I shunned many of the typical plastic baby gear) but once the second kid came around, I really needed some things to keep one of the two occupied at different times.

Review #: 335
Date: 07 30, 2013
We got this for our baby boy almost two months ago- he was getting so "kicky" all the time, that it was hard to hold on to him. This Jumperoo has been an absolute blessing! He LOVES it! I have the best photographs and video of him bouncing like crazy and giggling in it! The toys all seem to engage him well, the construction was easy, and the item seems to be very well made. It has had daily use for nearly two months, and I haven't witnessed any negative wear and tear. I do pull out the cloth chair several times a week to wash through the laundry, and again - no wear and tear at all. Highly recommend!

Review #: 336
Date: 10 20, 2010
My daughter is 7 months old, so we are getting a late start on the jumperoo. I wasn't going to purchase one (we already have a play mat, exersaucer, swing, etc.), but she loves jumping on our laps so much I couldn't resist. I purchased this particular jumperoo based on reviews and also my friends' recommendations. We weren't disappointed! It was simple to assemble and my daughter loves it! She jumps, jumps, jumps and yes, has even jumped herself to sleep a couple of times. The music and lights are especially fun. I definitely recommend this purchase, especially if you have an active baby.

Review #: 337
Date: 01 28, 2012
My daughter play at five months, six,  we disassembled because she was not interested, now she is 8 and 1/2 we put together again, let's see, we never left her more than 10, 15 minutes. Dr. Does not like the jumperoo thing because of future problems for legs if you leave your baby for long periods of time,  dr said to put the baby on the floor to play, does not cost a thing.

Review #: 338
Date: 02 15, 2013
i love how my son absoluetly loves this jumper. he is so crazy about this thing. he had it since 3 months old and now he is 9 months old and is on level 2 , there are 3 levels it adjust to. he still goes cray cray in his fav jumper. happy panda best buy ever! def should buy if you have a lil one or even a gift.

Review #: 339
Date: 01 8, 2010
We received this as a shower gift, and it was one of the best items that gets a lot of use now!  I am keeping this for all my kiddies that is for sure. My son is a big guy and loves alot of active play.  This thing is perfect for him, we put him in it when he was only 2 months old and at the time, he would just hang on it and touch the toys.  He would be okay in it for only about 5-10 minutes, and we figured this was one of those silly toys that wasn't going to get much use.  WRONG!  COME THE 3-4 months and he loves it!  Now at 5 months he loves it so much, it is part of his twice a day physical play routine!  Once in the morning while I make him some food, and once in the evening a bit before bedtime to ware him out. Which it definitely does.  After a good 15 minutes in this thing he is ready to sleep through the night!  He jumps and plays with the toys so much getting so excited it is so fun to see.  I know friends that purchase other comparable jumpers and they are either too high to the ground, all in one color which is not beneficial for their development, or too low to the ground. This has the best blend of everything! It is the perfect height from level 1 to 3, the music is fun NOT annoying, the spinning toys are very interesting to him.  The other reviewer mentioned the peekaboo tiger and spinning wheel are useless... I agree, they seem like an after thought but the rest of the toys on it are so much fun!  Definitely a top baby item.

Review #: 340
Date: 01 20, 2014
This is lots of fun for a 5-6 month old who can support his own head.  He loves this so much - so many features which are unique and require different motor skills. It was easy to assembly and seems stable and baby safe.  He loves it!

Review #: 341
Date: 03 15, 2013
My niece LOVE this from 3 months to 8 months. She learned to use a walker and said adios to this jumper. For those 5 months tho, all she wanted to do was jump.My son got this at 3 months too. He never cared for it. He rarely jumped in it. He spent more time playing with the parrot which is not worth the cost.

Review #: 342
Date: 12 1, 2011
My son instantly loved this jumperoo. He has one of those door jumpers but didn't seem to make the connection that he could jump in it. As soon as we put him into the jumperoo, he was bouncing away, grinning from ear to ear. He is 4 months now - I had waited to put this together but given the back support I regret I didn't put it together earlier. He can swivel it on his own, and loves each and every toy. It is building his leg muscles, and also helping him to put it together than he controls the direction he is moving in. If I had to pick only one toy to have, this one would be it.

Review #: 343
Date: 12 5, 2013
Holy cow this thing is giant and kind of hideous looking.  That being said if it can keep my son entertained it's all worth it.  Right now he's 4 months old and seems to get mildly freaked out when I put him in.

Review #: 344
Date: 02 10, 2011
Our twins love love love this!  It was a bit too high for for them when they first tried it out a few weeks ago, but we placed our Wii balance board under it as a launch pad.  They've since grown into it and continue to jump around and smile.Note:  at first I thought there was something wrong with the bee (it's limp).  In the pictures it's shown sticking straight up---  apparently the bee is supposed to droop....  and the boys love it that way.

Review #: 345
Date: 12 6, 2009
LOVE this for our little girl.  She enjoys bouncing around and loves that she can turn all the way around in the chair to play with all the toys but also to face Mommy and Daddy when they walk to a different part of the room or into the kitchen.  I work from home and this has been wonderful for entertaining her while I'm working.  Great purchase, easy to assemble, worth every penny.

Review #: 346
Date: 06 24, 2013
We received this when baby girl was around 4 months old, at that point she couldn't reach the floor and was only somewhat entertained by the whole thing. When I got it I actually thought it was defective because, as others have mentioned, the elephant seems to be facing the wrong way and is *very* difficult even for me to turn. I also thought the bug/butterfly was broken because it just flops around but I guess that's what they intended.Baby girl eventually got tall enough to reach the floor on the 1 setting and started to get the hang of it, then really loved the bouncing. She initially went for the spinning parts of the toys b/c she was familiar with that activity from some other toys she has. Then she went for the floppy bug, which is apparently great for chewing on. It also took her a while to realize she could turn the seat, but now she's got that covered too.She only recently at 7 months started messing with the peek-a-boo tiger, but she just pulls on the tiger, she doesn't push the button. Although, as others comment, that button is pretty worthless for getting the tiger to really pop out.But it's the bouncing that she really enjoys and that's the part that's developing her muscles so I'm good with that. The only problem is that now she's at a height where she's between level 1 and 2. I wish there was a level 1.5. If I had a way to sew in another level on the straps I would b/c now on level 1 her knees are bent. She still bounces but I worry that she's really landing hard, but I guess now she's really working her legs b/c she's practically doing burpees with the squat/jumps she's doing. I tried switching to level 2 but she can barely touch her toes then. It's surprising what a difference the two levels are.  I'll try changing levels again in a couple weeks.I like that there are at least the two sound levels, the music gets annoying *really* fast. So I also like the setting that doesn't make constant noise - if she's not bouncing a lot the sounds don't come on as much.This thing is a pretty good space hog. It takes up a LOT of room in a small NYC apartment but I managed to rearrange some things so we can leave it up instead of trying to "fold" it away. Even in the folded position it takes up a lot of room, but it at least helps a little if you do need to store it away, I just got tired of dealing with opening and closing it. The one complaint I had about having to open and fold it was that the little button you push to release the sections is pretty hard to push in. Maybe it's the angle I was working at but it was a pain (sometimes also literally) to release the sections so I could lap them.But for the couple issues with the toys and the significant height differences in the levels I would give this a 5. If baby girl only sort of liked it I would give it 3 stars, but she *loves* this thing - she's at the age where she is dying to move around on her own and this seems to give her some feeling of being able to move (until she gets cranky then she seems to feel trapped...). I only wish she could sit in it for longer than she does so I could get more done.(Update: now at almost 9 months she's not quite as interested in this, in fact, she cries when we try to put her in it. She's moved on to crawling all over so she's not fond of anything that confines her. So, like so many baby items, this was great for a short period of time.)

Review #: 347
Date: 09 12, 2010
We got this for our 4 month old baby girl.  She is currently 25 inches tall but her toes just skimmed the floor so we had to put a shoe box at the bottom so she could jump hahaha. The moment she was in the jumper she was smiling and looking at us with a super excited expression on her face. We have had it for a couple of weeks and every time we put her in it she is happy.  It is great to hear her giggles and squeals when she plays with all the toys on it.  The colors are vibrant and fun and the toys keep her entertained.  I am glad we went with this jumperoo. My husband and read so many other reviews on other jumpers but this one was clearly the best.

Review #: 348
Date: 05 12, 2011
After reading all the reviews about jumpers, we decided to get this one for our little Sophie. Originally we were thinking about the one you can hang on the door, but we decided not to take any risk for her to bump into door frame and get injured.Our baby girl was just turning 4 month old and she could already hold her head up when we got this from Amazon. Her feet couldn't quite reach the ground yet but she learned quickly to lean forward so her toes would touch the floor. She didn't know what this thing is for at first but quickly she learned how much fun it can bring her and can't stop playing it ever since.The jumper is a little bit bigger in size than I anticipated. I guess it takes certain space to make the jumper sturdy. Assembly wasn't too much work but I did have problem putting the seat cover on. The stitched hole's positions aren't quite matching the buttons on the seat ring and I had to force them to hook on the buttons. The music and color of the toys are very vivid. Sophie especially loves the blue lizard and she can stare at it for a long while when she jumps.In summary I would say this is our best baby toy purchase ever. Our baby girl loves it and we love to watch her play and laugh in this jumper. We would recommend all parents get one for their babies!!

Review #: 349
Date: 02 27, 2014
My son loves jumping up and down and playing in this this jumper.  Assembly was fairly straight forward.  Needed to put a few books under my son for the first few weeks as it was a little high for him even on the lowest setting.

Review #: 350
Date: 03 3, 2007
Hello, for those of you that say that your babies feet do not touch the ground, put a pillow or blankets underneath it to give them a boost~  I have to do that with my daughter in her baby einstein entertainer and it works great!! I also put a blanket on her back and kind of stuff it in, so she does not get wipe lash~ I am going to get this soon and will update the post on how my daughter likes it~

Review #: 351
Date: 12 8, 2011
I was a little hesitant before purchasing this item as some of the reviews were downright scary. I took the plunge and I am so glad I did! My son LOVES his rainforest Jumperoo! We tried it for the first time at 6 months but he did not want to stay in for too long without mommy or daddy to cheer him on. He is now almost 9 months and literally makes this cute crying noise each time we walk by the jumperoo because he wants to get in, jump around and explore all the various buttons and animals. The cool thing that I absolutely love about this product is that the chair moves around easily and so my son is never bored as he explores each of the exciting little animals,lights and the music is tons of fun. He recently discovered the little bird and frog that hang above his head and it sooo cute to see him trying to swat them. The only thing I would honestly say is that you have to have a bit of patience when putting this product together especially the seat. It's not very easy but once you have everything in, have a video camera ready as you will want to capture the first moment your little one gets in! I highly recommend this product.

Review #: 352
Date: 08 20, 2008
I really don't know what I would do without the Rainforest Jumperoo!  My son was been fussy, colicky, and generally a displeasure for the first three months of his life.  Nothing seemed to make him happy except for me holding him while walking around. Obviously that was not an option.  I got this as a gift at my baby shower and I finally put it together when Price was 2.5 months old.  It was an instant hit!  It is the only place I can put him down at without having him cry bloody murder after a few minutes.  He will jump until he passes out!  Not only does he love the jumperoo but all the adults love to watch him in it.  It's hilarious!  I can also attest to it's duability since my three year old has tested it out on more than one occassion!

Review #: 353
Date: 11 10, 2011
We bought this for my son and he started sitting in it when he was a little under 3 months.  Because he had early head control and was constantly trying to jump on our laps, we thought he would like it.  HE LOVED IT!  He didn't jump too much at first, but was facinated by all the animals.  He wanted to be in there for hours and would cry when we got him out.  Because of everything I read, we didn't let him jump for more than 30 minutes at a time, but he did jump sometimes 4 times a day.  However, he never felt that it was enough!  He played with it daily until he was about 9 months and nearing the weight limit.Now he has a little sister on the way and we are excited for her to use it as well.  It is made extremely well and held up like it is still good new, even with all the use it has already had.  I know that this will even outlast her.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for something very fun for an infant.As a follow up to this (for avid jumpers) I would also recommend the Alex Jumpin Jr Trampoline.

Review #: 354
Date: 05 3, 2013
We bought this jumperoo when our daughter was about 5 1/2 months old. At first she was a little unsure of it and kind of just hung in it and looked at the toys. After a few weeks, however, she LOVED it. This was the only way my husband and I would get to eat a hot dinner together - by putting her in this! She'd jump for at least 15 minutes at a time. She loved the toys around it, the music, the blue frog that was hanging, the whole thing. She'd spin herself around and jump and jump and jump. She's now 9 months old and still loves it. We use it every day and she smiles and laughs and jumps all the time. This was by far the best toy we bought.

Review #: 355
Date: 01 7, 2014
Love, love, LOVE this jumperoo!  It only needs three AA batteries and is incredibly entertaining for our 3 month old.  It doesn't take as much space as others we considered and we know she will grow into a lot of the activities.  It's great for twenty minutes of free time to do the dishes/laundry/etc.

Review #: 356
Date: 08 14, 2007
My daughter loves this!  I was hesitant to spend the money on this item, but it has been well worth it!  Perfect to give me some time to get some work done.

Review #: 357
Date: 03 14, 2010
For the past two months, I've watched my son develop and grow in this thing.  I bought it when he was only 3 months old, thinking we'd use it a little later on.  But my husband liked to stick him in it and he'd just dangle there (yes, it was on the lowest setting)!  I tried to nicely tell him he wasn't ready for it by saying "how would you like to hang from your diaper?"...hinting that he needed to grow a little first.  The next day there was a shoebox underneath him! :)  Needless to say, he wasn't ready for bouncing, but he loved the colors and lights at first.  Then, as he got a little older, he started reaching for and grasping at the toys, and recently started actually playing with them.On the day he turned 5 months (2 weeks ago), he was still dangling...2 days later, he finally hit the floor (man they grow fast)!  It was almost like you could see the light go on...he was like "so THIS is what this thing is for!"  He's been bouncing ever since and absolutely loves it!  Added bonus...I get to cook dinner and talk to him while he bounces and it gets him nice and tuckered out for bedtime:)  I can't think of a single thing I don't like about this product!

Review #: 358
Date: 06 20, 2012
The Fisher-Price Rainforest Jumperoo is just awesome!  Very easy to put together, and what a joy watching our little grandson bounce around in this thing!  Totally NOT a piece of junk like some are.  The seat is very supportive, and seems comfortable for him, and the toys are very bright and cute - they seem to hold his interest very well.  He loves it, and will jump and bounce until he falls asleep in it! A very nice buy - if you're on the fence between this one and the tons of other jumpers out there on Amazon, just get it!

Review #: 359
Date: 04 29, 2008
I liked this product a lot better until I saw how much my son loved the exersaucer by evenflow. The activities on the rainforest jumper are poorly designed, dificult for my son to use, and are rather dissapointing. When put together I thought there must have been a part missing but this is the way they sell it, look at the picture there are 3 towers but only 2 leaves with hanging toys. The third tower has a hole where the part is supposed to go. The jumping is fun but my son quickly becomes bored with this. Bottom line, get the exersaucer by evenflow.

Review #: 360
Date: 03 3, 2014
My daughter is only 4 months old and her feet do not reach the ground but we put some books underneath so she can bounce and she absolutely loves it. This thing keeps her busy for hrs. Wish it was cheaper though :(

Review #: 361
Date: 12 28, 2011
Got this at a great price through Amazon and it was really easy to put together. I think it took me about 10 minutes to put it together by myself. Great buy!

Review #: 362
Date: 06 15, 2013
We just bought this a few weeks ago for my 3 month old.  She can't reach the floor yet even on the lowest setting, but we just put a pillow underneath and she can bounce away.  She loves the blinking lights and sounds and the fact that the seat swivels and full 360 degrees around.  I like that the back of the seat comes up high to protect her head if she gets a little too bouncy in there.  It is a little bulky, but that's because it has so many toys to play with all the way around.  It is sturdy and well made and keeps her entertained for a long time. It was very easy to put together, took about 10 min. including taking it out of the packaging.  I was looking at another jumper, but kept reading reviews that said they wished they had gone with the Rainforest Jumperoo or that they eventually ended up with this one anyways so I decided to purchase this one from the start and definitely do not regret it.

Review #: 363
Date: 11 8, 2011
We've been using our jumperoo since my son was a little over 5 months old. He is now 7 months old and has really grown into it. He loves when we put it on the setting where he has to jump to make music.Pros: Baby loves the colors, music, and toys. Gives mom and dad a little freedom in bursts. Easy to assemble. Not too hard to adjust the length of the straps. Easy to clean the seat part. Fun music with two volume options.Cons: Almost allows for too much bouncing. We don't let him in there more than 10-15 minutes at a time and no more than twice per day. We feel it's a little too jolty for more play than that. Also, the bug toy, one of his favorites, is on a "cable" that is simply too flimsy. When he bounces it just flops and bangs against the side of the tray. Sort of annoying.

Review #: 364
Date: 02 10, 2011
Our little girl absolutely loves her jumperoo.  She started in it when she was 15 weeks old - she was able to hold her head up very well and enjoyed sitting in it for short periods of time, although her feet didn't reach the ground yet (this is why I only gave it 4 stars)... but we put a phone book wrapped in some drawer liner (for traction) underneath her and that worked fine.  Now she is 21 weeks old and can reach the floor, and she is really starting to get the hang of the bouncing!  At first she only wanted to be in it for about 10 minutes (she would go from happy to get-me-out-of-here in about 2 seconds flat though)... and now she will be in there for as much as 45 minutes at a time.  She loves all the toys.  I still have to turn the seat for her, but I think she'll figure out how to do that on her own soon.  I'm definitely glad that the seat is removable and washable because she drools all over it (she's teething).  Great toy.  Glad Santa brought it.  :)

Review #: 365
Date: 05 1, 2011
We bought this jumperoo for our son when he was 5 months old, and a month later he still squeals with delight every time we put him in it. He has gotten bored with other toys quickly, but not this one. I love how long it keeps him occupied because it gives me some precious hands-free time to get things done while still keeping an eye on him. Highly recommend.

Review #: 366
Date: 05 12, 2012
We wish this bouncer had a lower setting for the height adjustments. Our daughter is in the 28% for height, and she could not reach the floor. We ended up putting a box under her so that she could use the bouncer. This allowed her to have hours of fun. Out of all the items that I had for her, this was the most used. Unfortunately now she is on the go, and this toy that makes her "Stay" in one location. Now she really has to been in the mood for using it.

Review #: 367
Date: 02 14, 2013
When my daughter started to bounce while standing on our laps, we knew we needed to get her a jumper! I did a lot of research on the different jumpers out there and read a ton of reviews on Amazon and made the perfect decision of getting this item. My daughter has been a jumping queen for the past month since we got the jumperoo. My husband assembled the jumper in less than 15 minutes and I took 5 minutes to clean the plastic parts on the jumper and she was in the jumper. Because she was 3 months (24 inches) at the time, she was alittle short to reach the ground (even at the lowest setting) so we just placed a pillow on the floor and that gave her enough leverage to jump away. She is also starting to play with the different toys around the jumper which is so cool to see. All of the toys are easy to clean and even the toy that serves as a teether is easily able to go in the dishwasher for cleaning. Oh and my daughter loves that the chair rotates around so that she can play with the different toys around the jumper. She also likes the gecko and bird that hang over her. And the chair cover is also easy to clean by removing it and placing it in the washer. Awesome jumper! Don't know what we would do without it! My daughter can stay in there for an hour jumping like crazy which helps when I'm cooking dinner!

Review #: 368
Date: 01 13, 2011
It's a bit too tall for our 24" 3 month old to use, but we stick a pillow under his feet and he enjoys it.  There's all kinds of things for your child to play with and look at, and it makes music when they jump.  We bought this because we don't have a door way near our main living room to hang a Johnny Jumper on.  Overall we're VERY happy with it.  It folds up when not in use which is nice because it IS fairly large.

Review #: 369
Date: 07 7, 2012
We started using the Fisher-Price Rainforest Jumparoo when our baby was about 4 months old.  He is currently 9 months old and still loves to play in it.  He will jump so hard that we will fall asleep playing in here.  This toy offers a wide variety of items to play with and the seat spins all the way around so he can explore everything.  We have used another saucer toy and have found he is already too tall for it.  At 9 months we are on height 2 of 3 on the Jumparoo, so there is plenty of room to grow.  We like that when the music on this is turned on it is not too loud.  Some toys the lowest setting is so loud.  The only negative is that it can be hard to get him in the seat.

Review #: 370
Date: 12 29, 2008
The best thing about this is that I can stick the baby in it and he can't get away.  He never really got into the jumping...  Now he mostly uses it as a place to stay and watch his baby DVDs.  If I had it to do over again, I'd definitely buy it used at a fraction of the cost.This is a much better used item - save some plastic!

Review #: 371
Date: 01 31, 2010
We got this for son when he was five months old.  His toes didn't quite touch the ground so we put a pillow underneath him.  He is now nine months old and has used this jumper every day since then.  He loves to jump and play with the various toys.  At first he played with all the spinning wheels and the teether but now that he is taller, he loves to reach for the hanging bird and frog.  The music and sound effects (like the elephant trumpeting) are really cute although I think my husband is a little sick of hearing them! We have adjusted the height setting one time and still have one more setting to go, so I anticipate he is going to get several more months use out of this toy (the weight limit is 25 pounds and our son is almost 20 pounds right now).  This jumperoo requires batteries but we have only had to replace them once so far.This is a great toy to help your baby get used to being in an upright position and for exercising their legs.  Also, this jumperoo is much safer than a doorway jumper.  The only negative to this jumper is that it takes up quite a bit of room.  But if you have the space, this is definitely the jumper to purchase.  Your baby will love it and you will love watching your baby have so much fun!

Review #: 372
Date: 11 26, 2008
My daughter loves to jump and adores this item.  She jumps and is thrilled when it lights up and makes noise, she pays attention. When it stops she learned very quickly that she needs to jump again to make it go again.  Hilarious and fun!  We can't get enough of it.  This has been her favorite toy for over a month.  She is just started to rotate on her own in it.  I would highly recommend.

Review #: 373
Date: 07 27, 2011
love everything about this bouncy fun jumperoo. We also have the Baby Einstein musical motion activity jumper which we give a big thumbs down... spend the extra money on this item!!!

Review #: 374
Date: 09 13, 2013
This jumperoo is okay. Our daughter loves being in it for brief periods of time...5-15 minutes max. When she's in it, she loves it. At first, she didn't seem to know what to do with it, but now she's got the hang of it. The little blue elephant snaps back a little too forcefully for a baby toy, in my opinion. Though it hasn't happened yet, I can see the potential for her little fingers to get stuck between the elephant and the side bar. The dragonfly toy is super limp and just flops over, which is kind of lame.If you're a first time parent, invest your money in the Fisher Price Swing instead...we paid $100 for that on Amazon and it has proven to be worth EVERY penny. It's great for naps :)

Review #: 375
Date: 07 23, 2008
This is such a wonderful product!  My baby jumps for hours and smiles/laughs continuously.  It is entertaining and safe.  Highly recommended!

Review #: 376
Date: 07 19, 2007
We bought this for our three month old.  The first time we put her in it she just sat there for a minute or two before wanting out.  However, it wasn't too long afterward that she started jumping around in it and staring at all the toys.  Now she is four months old and loves to spend time in it and grab at the toys.  It was very easy to put together and the seat cover is easily removable when it needs to be washed.  There are a number of colorful toys on it that my daughter really enjoys, including the music and sounds.  My only complaint is that on even the lowest setting my daughter can't reach the floor with her feet right now.  We fixed that by putting a sturdy, four-legged stool underneath her feet.  It is really a nice product to have!

Review #: 377
Date: 01 30, 2008
I was very hesitant to buy a "confining" toy like this but I have been converted.  For short periods of time, this is a great way to build baby's leg strength, get them used to being upright, and keep them entertained.  It is really something to watch him discover the different toys on there and how he interacts with them.  I still don't like these in general principle but I really see how he has learned from it.

Review #: 378
Date: 01 11, 2014
My 5 month old really enjoys this jumperoo.  I like that there is nothing for him to hit his head on as with some other jumperoos out there.  I think the elephant toy is a little annoying.  I guess its a toy meant to get your child to try to turn it around.  Its so taught that this seems difficult.  The music is ok.

Review #: 379
Date: 02 2, 2012
We first put baby boy in the jumper when he was around 3 months old.  He had good head control, but he was tiny (he's in the 5% range for his age group).  We put a pillow under him, and he used his feet to rock himself back and forth like he was in a swing.  He'd occasionally fall asleep in it, then wake up.  He liked it fine, but wasn't overwhelming in love with it.Then recently, around 5 and a half months, we realized he didn't need all the height that the pillow provided, and put a thin coffee table book under him.  And then he figured out he could bounce.  And now he loves it -- he will bounce in this jumperoo for an hour at a time, pause for a nap, then wake up and just start bouncing again.  Sometimes he doesn't need the book at all, because the bouncing gives him enough leverage so that his feet hit the ground.  But we still use a book to start him out-- he just kicks the book out of his way when he doesn't need it anymore!He loves it, and I love it becasue he loves it.  It occupies him, giving me and my husband some time to eat dinner or watch a little TV.If I've got one criticism, it's what another poster said as well -- the peek-a-boo monkey and the color wheel are pretty much useless.  But he loves that sun and the dangling toys, and that's good enough for both of us.

Review #: 380
Date: 04 30, 2014
My son looooooves this. He jumps and jumps and jumps. I can shower, cook and do a little laundry while he jumps and plays with the different pieces. I highly recommend it. It was very easy to assemble.

Review #: 381
Date: 05 22, 2011
We love this Jumperoo! My son can literally jump and play in it for more than an hour at a time. I love that the bird and lizard(?) are adjustable because he likes to reach up and play with them. I noticed that the other Jumperoos don't have that specific option.

Review #: 382
Date: 02 24, 2010
My 7-month-old daughter LOVES her Jumperoo!  Her aunt, who babysits her during the day, bought one for her house.  The baby liked it so much, we bought one for our house as well.  She goes NUTS in that thing!  We had to raise the seat a bit because she was practically bottoming out from bouncing so enthusiastically.  She loves all the things she can spin and grab.  The sounds and music are really cute too.  My husband and I sit there and crack up just watching her, it is so entertaining!This toy has been a lifesaver for us. It's a safe place to put the baby while I'm cooking, etc. and it always keeps her busy.  I'm going to be very sad when she outgrows it.  I totally recommend people give this a try.  I know they are not for every child (the lady I got mine from said her granddaughter cried when she put her in it), so have your child try it out first.

Review #: 383
Date: 01 5, 2013
My son has been in his since 4 months.  He was so short when we put him in at first, had to put books under it for him to stand.  he would bouce for a long time, happily.  It was a great break and gave him mobility safely before he could crawl and walk.  He's almost walking now, at 10 months, he's less inclined to get in as he wants to be able to move around, but he now loves to play with it from the outside, walk around it, and even hang out under it like it's a fort.  He will still ask to get in at times, and when he does, bounces happily.  It's definately a great buy for the baby from 4 to 9 to 10 months, helps strengthen the legs  and gives mom a great break!

Review #: 384
Date: 12 29, 2013
The Rainforest Jumperoo should be on every Baby Registry! My daughter loves the various lights and sounds.  We started putting her in it at just under 4 months because she had very strong neck and body control.  Since her little feet dangled above the ground, we placed a King sized firm down pillow under her. She didn't necessarily bounce in the beginning, but was very entertained nonetheless.  As time has gone on, she has figured out how to spin the 360 degrees and bounces up and down. It's a plus that it is gender neutral so when our next child arrives, it will be great for him/her. It also makes a fantastic gift for a new mom!!!  (I've given it several times and everyone LOVES it!)

Review #: 385
Date: 01 7, 2011
We bought this for our 4 month old son as his "big" Christmas present. I put it together instead of having my husband do it because I love to do that :) It went together easily (took 20 minutes or so?) and the minute I put my son in it his face lit up! He is very entertained by all the little toys and loves the bright colors. The system itself seems very sturdy and the bouncy area seems like it will be easy to put on a higher level when needed. As it is right now he's a little small for the height so we just put a pillow underneath his feet. I like that the seat is deeper and a little more narrow than the "johnny jumper" my mother-in-law uses for him. Its a better fit so we don't have to stuff towels around him to keep him from swaying all over the place. I would have given 5 stars but we've had it only a short while...so I hesitate to give it a perfect score! But so far we are SO happy with the purchase.

Review #: 386
Date: 02 16, 2010
My little girl is only 10 weeks but still gets a kick out of this thing!! She's only entertained for about ten minutes at a time because she cant touch the ground yet and doesnt really have the hand-eye coordination to play with any of the toys, but I sit her in it and start the lights and music and she just stares, amazed, and trys to bat at the little hanging parrot and monkey. I cant wait to see how much better she likes it when she understands it more!!! (Mommy gets a kick out of how funny she looks hanging in it too)

Review #: 387
Date: 06 6, 2010
After seeing one of these at our friend's place, we purchased one too.  Our baby loves being in it and it is great for parking her there while I am cooking or taking care of some other household items with her in the room.One tip: my baby's feet didn't reach the floor when we first got this (she was too short), so we placed a board game box underneath her feet so she could start jumping away.

Review #: 388
Date: 02 22, 2013
My daughter loves this jumperoo!! It's adorable and lots of fun!! Very easy to put together also!! Highly recommend it!

Review #: 389
Date: 12 8, 2013
Great jumperoo. Sturdy even for a very active and high jumping baby. Have used it for 3 months and still works like new. Only problem is the Blue Elephant: my son has gotten his fingers caught there a lot. However, we &#34;broke&#34; the elephant in a way that it now rotates completely instead of snapping back to it's original position, but it's still safely attached to the jumper.

Review #: 390
Date: 04 29, 2010
The first day we put our 6 month old in this jumper he seemed confused and didn't know what to do.  But after a few times, he started understanding and now he LOVES it.  He loves jumping in it and it entertains him for a very long time.He doesn't seem too amused with all the toys; sometimes he'll look up at the bird and frog, but he's doesn't play with the other things. He enjoys the music though.  I love how the music plays when he's jumping.  I know he's really having fun when the animals make noises.  Although he doesn't play with the toys, he loves jumping in it which is why I gave it 5 stars.I haven't folded it yet, so I can't say much about that, but I kow I like having that option.  The jumper seems very safe and I don't ever feel like he'll tip over. The base is wide, and has a large footprint, but I'd rather it be large and safe than not.

Review #: 391
Date: 10 31, 2012
My daughter first used this when she was only 2.5 months old (pretty advanced so neck was strong already). She seemed very serious when ever she was in there. She wanted to touch everything but didn't seem to understand it was play time.Now only 2 weeks after having it, she can play in it for 30-60 mins at a time!!!! She happily goes in it 3x a day. That gives us time to eat, talk, clean, etc. She smiles as soon as she goes in. She's really good at jumping around too. I think it has helped her leg muscles and even neck by quite a bit. She's very strong for a 3-month old (was able to turn from tummy to back at 2.5 months) so I wouldn't recommend this for every 3 month old but I'm sure it'll be super fun when they are strong enough. I know she'll love this thing until she starts walking! Super funny to see how much fun this tiny (12 lb) baby has in this thing. She knows how to play with some of the toys and also know how to turn herself so def easy for a baby to navigate. We just put a blanket under her seat (so she can reach toys), pillow under her feet (stands tippy toed) & pillow at her back (push her forward). I wish they would make the seat come lower because some younger babies are able to enjoy it already but just can't reach. I don't care. Still a 5-star.Worth every penny. Your child will love it so stop doing research and just buy it!

Review #: 392
Date: 12 7, 2010
I bought this for my 3 month old daughter and was worried that it wouldn't support her enough. But the seat is very supportive and I appreciate the support behind the head. It was SLIGHTLY too big for her, but we just fold a blanket underneath. She spends an hour at a time in it, and I think she will enjoy it even more as she gets older and figures out how to rotate herself.  As another poster mentioned, I can see how her fingers could get pinched in between the elephant and the green frame, but I'm not too worried about that. This has really helped strengthen her legs and core - it was money well spent!

Review #: 393
Date: 01 22, 2013
I was kinda against a whole bunch of baby gear in my house taking up space - but I was running out of activites for the baby to do - and he has such a blast in this!  He had the head control but was too short for a few months. We had to put the wii balance board underneath him so he could reach the ground. He now plays with all the toys and has an absolute ball.It is a little cumbersome to move around but it's not too bad. It gives us a 10-15 minute break to do something else while he has fun.

Review #: 394
Date: 10 7, 2008
I feel like this is a good, sturdy, quality product.  We also have an Einstein activity center/exersaucer.  I like how my girls sit in the Jumperoo chair - much more comfortable.  The Jumperoo has three height levels.My girls started in the Jumperoo around 4 months old - with their toes "barely" touching the ground.  As they grew in to it, their activity level has increased.  They are 6 months old and getting ready to move to height level 2.One of my girls goes nuts in it until she's exhausted.  My other daughter enjoys it as well, but not at the same level.  They probably prefer this apparatus over the stationary exersaucer.The lights and music are a definite bonus.  You can play continuous music, or, it can be initiated with movement.I highly recommend this product - in fact I thought about getting a 2nd one for our family.

Review #: 395
Date: 02 1, 2012
My son loved this from about 6 months to a little over a year. I recently pulled it out for my nephew to borrow and my now 2 year old hopped in. It's obviously a little (A LOT) small for him... but even now he still thinks it's cool. When we put his nephew in it... my son was turning him so he could see each different toy on the jumperoo. It's pretty great.

Review #: 396
Date: 01 8, 2008
We tried the jumpy thing from the doorframe but nothing compares to this. He plays with just about all the toys and attachments, especially the spinny things, but is not interested in any part of this that requires batteries. So we saved ourselves 3 AA's. His toes only just touch the ground on the longest setting, but it keeps him occupied for about 15 to 20 min at a go.

Review #: 397
Date: 03 2, 2012
Our 4 month old (almost 4 months) loves his new jumperoo. Sometimes he doesn't even jump around, he just sits and looks at all the toys and lights. Even when he gets fussy, sometimes he moves enough that the music will come back on and then he is right back to being happy as a clown. It's funny to watch him play and enjoy all the lights and sounds on the jumper. It is also great for making him very very tired if it's getting close to bedtime. The jumperoo was easy to put togehter with the exception of the seat cushion; I had a little difficulty with that, but nothing too terrible. I would still highly recommend this product to all parents or grandparents.

Review #: 398
Date: 02 26, 2011
Our granddaughter LOVES this entertainment center!!!  I call it an entertainment center because she just doesn't seem to tire bouncing around in it to make the music continue while playing with the different objects, and she's only 6 months old!!!  It is quite easy to assemble. Even though the circle stand collapses to move it around, it is a bit difficult to move!  Our daughter also has the same center at her home so the baby is exposed to the same center at either home!  We definitely recommend this center to others!

Review #: 399
Date: 09 30, 2013
Our baby loves this, even from the first time we put him in. He loves the spinning sun and really enjoys jumping in it. It keeps him occupied long enough for me to get some things done in the kitchen while watching him.

Review #: 400
Date: 11 4, 2012
We had the Baby Einstein Activity Center that was given to us by a friend. He loved it so much but seemed to be getting a little bored. He was always trying to jump out of it. After asking my Facebook friends and looking through the Amazon Reviews - the decision was made - Fisher Price Rainforest Jumperoo. So glad we got this! He absolutely loves it!! We still use the activity center for post-feeding fun but he clearly only wants to be in the Jumperoo. He is not quite tall enough to reach the floor - we have hardwood so we put a couple of the play gym squares under it - he goes to town. We have so much fun watching him in it!I think it is making his legs stronger. He constantly wants to stand now!

Review #: 401
Date: 02 2, 2011
Our girls LOVE their Jumperoo. It has a few toys they can pull on and play with. They love the music it plays and learned quickly to keep jumping to keep the music playing ;o) (You can also switch the setting so it just plays a quick little tune each time the baby jumps).It does fold easily so you can stash it in a closet when company comes over.Some people have an issue with the baby being so far down in the seat that it can be difficult pulling them out. True, but if the seat were more shallow, the baby cold theoretically jump/pull herself up and out (if strong enough).I highly recommend!

Review #: 402
Date: 05 26, 2011
this thing is really huge. the baby likes it, especially the dangly bird. i dont care for the frog on one side because it always turns its behind to baby side. the seat was a little difficult but you have to stick your finger thru the hold of the seating and pull super hard to get it to align. it will take a little bit more effort so dont give up, the seat must be completed accurately to be safe for your child. my baby likes the front section and doesnt play much with anything else.. yet. since he cant reach the floor yet i use the bjorn baby footstool underneath to help him reach out and play. he is still learning to like this, but for the most part is interested (4 mos)was easy to put together, good deal. it 'folds up to reduce space' but i'm not really sure it actually saves any space. i wasn't convinced about it. but that's ok, it tried.6/11 4 mos: he seems to be holding onto the jumper better. likes it.

Review #: 403
Date: 12 15, 2011
Pros:  lots of music and toys to play with.  Easy height adjustment.Cons:  peekaboo tiger and sunshine toy is really lame - baby hates that side of the jumper.

Review #: 404
Date: 01 3, 2013
amazing, our daughter hates to be set down at all, but she will play in this for extended periods so our arms get a break! really fun, seems sturdy and safe, and will grow with your child. highly recommend!

Review #: 405
Date: 05 4, 2011
I ordered this jumperoo for our son when he was 4 months old and was afraid he would be too yong for it.  Boy was I wrong.  When we first put him in it he could only touch the floor with one foot and that was on his tippy toes.  He figured out pretty quickly that when he bounced he got lights and music... that was all it took for him. In the beginning he would only last for about 10 mins or so, and now that he's almost 6 months he goes for 30mins two to three times a day!!! It gives me time to get some chores done around the house and to rest my arms, (if he's awake he thinks somebody should be carrying him).  He absolutely loves his jumperoo.  If I had known how much he would enjoy it I would've gotten 2 of them instead of a swing (which he hated).  If you have an active baby like mine who needs to be on the go all the time then I highly recommend it!

Review #: 406
Date: 11 21, 2011
Our son is 3 1/2 months old and he loves it!  He bounces all over in it, stares at the lights, smiles like crazy, and generally has a great time.  The only complaint I have is that it doesn't go down far enough so we had to put a board under it with a rug on top so his feet touch.  In another month, he'll probably be able to reach the floor but if your child is on the shorter side they might have a problem touching.  Our son is currently 25" long and he can't touch the floor on the lowest setting.  So I would say your baby has to be at least 26" to be able to touch.  Regardless, the board is working out great for now and he absolutely loves this thing!

Review #: 407
Date: 01 18, 2014
We love the jumperoo but not as much as our two children have. This has been a lifesaver in our house. We are on our second child using the jumper and it has stood up superbly! The assembly was super easy and fast so we were using it within 20 minutes of opening it up. The unit has three levels of height so it last for a pretty long time while your child grows. I like that you can turn the music on or off and it has a volume control (high or low). The lights and activities included keep the children entertained and engaged without overwhelming them. The seat cover can be removed and washed which is a nice way to keep it looking clean and new. It is not the easiest thing to put back on but the ability to clean it makes it well worth the effort to take it off and put it back on. I also take off the toy attachments on a pretty regular basis and wash those down since the little hands and mouth are on them at all times. I would recommend this to any parent!

Review #: 408
Date: 12 26, 2012
My daughter is almost 7 months now. She played it, when she was around 5 month. She really like it and can not stop to jump every time.

Review #: 409
Date: 03 27, 2009
Hours of endless jumping and bouncing. Great to keep your child entertained while cooking or doing house cleaning. Very bulky...takes up lots of space. Not easy to move room to room. One of the attached toys just flops over and lays there:o/ Don't buy until your child can support their head on their own! Not enough height options. Hard to take apart to wash seat cover.

