Review #: 5

Date: 04 8, 2014

Wanted toddler child to eat at dining room table with family, but the decorative downward lip around the table wouldn't allow his current high chair to completely pull up to table (with child's legs beneath the decorative lip). This seat has multiple height settings, and the lowest one is flat with the base bottom. This low setting allows child to get legs under decorative lip on table.An excellent choice if getting child to sit at table.We haven't used the tray (purchase was for child to sit at table without needing tray) but seems sturdy and similar to our previous FP high chair tray.


Review #: 6

Date: 10 12, 2008

I recently bought this chair to replace my 1-year-old daughter's high chair.  I LOVE it.  I was pulling my hair out cleaning the high chair after every meal, this chair is so easy to clean and much more versatile.Pros:-Really easy to clean - no cracks for the food to slide into (ahhhh)-Chair attaches very securely to any chair with a back, the chair will not slide off, nice long straps in case you have a big chair-The tray is close enough to the baby that not too much food gets on their lap or on the seat (there are three different places you can attach the tray depending on your baby's size)-The tray is smaller than high-chair trays and fits easily in sink or dishwasher-You can pull the tray off completely and just pull baby up to the table (different heights in case your table is high/low - MAKE SURE you get the one with the three trays (labelled as blue, actually has a blue tray with a white tray on top and green tray cover), Amazon makes it look like one chair that comes in three colors but the red/yellow and green chairs have only 1 tray and no height adjustment)-Chair is light and folds up easily, easy to carry to restaurant to use as a booster, etc.-The price is right:  there is absolutely no reason to spend $100+ on a high chair with a nice cushy seat that you will have to dig food out of for the next 2 years; that you will have to roll around your kitchen/dining room to get it out of your way. This seat is comfy, versatile and folds up very nicely when you want it out of the way.Cons:  If you have a really big baby, this may not be the chair for you. My daughter is ~22 pounds and fits fine, but if you have a big baby, his belly might start to push up against the tray, it only goes out so far.******* UPDATE **********My daughter is now 2 and still uses this booster chair everyday.  And I still love it.  She has tested the limits of this chair - tried to pull of the tray, tried to lunge out of the chair while the waist strap was still fastened, tried to rock herself out of the chair, etc.  She is VERY secure in the chair, and it is no worse for all the abuse.  She is about average size and still fits just fine.  She now recognizes that this is her eating chair and taking it with us to restaurants makes dining with a todder a less miserable experience.  Especially since she can't climb out like she can from the restaurant high chairs.


Review #: 7

Date: 05 29, 2011

My son is 20 lbs at 6 months and he fits into this really well. I know some other parents said that their kids were too big for it. I'm not so sure he'll fit up to the max weight, but hopefully he can use this for at least the next year.I really like this booster seat. I'm feeling like we wasted our money buying a regular size one that just crowds up our small kitchen. It attaches and adjusts quickly. It's easy to clean, there's no cervices that trap food.  The tray cover is great for keeping nosey cats out of unfinished food.

