Review #: 1
Date: 01 28, 2013
Perfect teether! So cute and an adorable classic toy. A must have for babies. The squeaker is very loud and sensitive so any baby can make it squeak.

Review #: 2
Date: 04 30, 2013
Ok, so this teether is expensive, but it's expensive everywhere! That being said, it's the best teether I have purchased - it's my baby's favorite - he always chooses it over any of the other teethers I have bought. It arrived very quickly, which is always a plus. I would highly recommend this - it's a must-have for a teething baby!

Review #: 3
Date: 03 16, 2013
My baby seems to like this toy, but I could see how it would be a problem if he got it jammed in his mouth. This has not hapened yet, but I could see how it easily could. Also the paint and some of the rubber seems to have already come off and my baby does not even have teeth yet

Review #: 4
Date: 03 19, 2011
My husband and I dubbed our little one "organic girl". She won't take a bottle, and she's refused five different brands of pacifiers. She's also started to teethe early. We got those jelly-like teething rings to see if she would at least take to them. No way. I've been her teether and pacifier for months now, when she isn't sticking her whole fist in her mouth.Finally, upon my complaining that I felt chewed upon a little too much (baby also raised a stink about my wearing breast shields while nursing her, she'd wail her head off until the shields were removed), a friend suggested I give Sophie a try. I had given it some thought, but I doubted it would make a difference. It'd probably be another useless gadget, I thought.However, having had Sophie for half a week, I can say that it works. My daughter is happily chewing on her as I write, rather than on me or her fingers. When she drops it and we take it away to wash off, she keeps looking for her, and smiles when Sophie comes back. As a result of being able to massage her gum and try out her bite on Sophie, she has stopped being rough on me when I nurse her.I'm not sure which one of us is happier about having Sophie in our home. I would certainly say that if you've tried everything else for your fussy teething baby, you should give Sophie a try. I'm glad we did.

Review #: 5
Date: 12 9, 2012
This is a must have for all teething babies (and beyond)!Easy to hold, easy to clean and very cute!This is a little pricy, but totally worth it.Makes a great gift.only downside is that you can't link it to anything, so don't let your baby play with it while you are walking around the mall!

Review #: 6
Date: 04 29, 2013
Went into several baby stores and every clerk said this was the newborn baby toy to get. And it really is awesome. Very soft and easy for the baby to grab. Highly recommend

Review #: 7
Date: 02 25, 2013
I splurged and got this for my teething baby.  At first, he couldn't quite get any piece in his mouth.  He was only about 3 months and a tiny guy.  Now, at 9 months, this goes everywhere with us!  The squeaker took a little getting used to, but it's fine.  An older lady at a restaurant said 'Ugh, look at that poor baby, they are making him play with a dog toy!&#34;  Pssshh, who cares he loves it, and loves to make it squeak!

Review #: 8
Date: 01 3, 2014
This was given to me by another mom whose son had no interest in it (fair warning - yours might not, either), and my son absolutely loves it. If he's upset about something and I hand him Sophie (&#34;Look! It's Sophie!&#34;), his face lights up and he grins. It's a great teether and obviously a comfort object for my little guy. Spend the $20. It could totally be worth it!

Review #: 9
Date: 10 8, 2010
nan

Review #: 10
Date: 02 19, 2013
Sophie travles everywhere with my little one.  It took him a few months to like it but now he is constantly chewing on Sophie.  It has been a lifesaver many times.  Be sure to wash by hand and not the dishwasher. I have friends who placed theirs in the dishwasher and it no longer makes noise.

Review #: 11
Date: 01 11, 2010
My nine month old has had Sophie since she was three months old. Not only has Sophie been a great teether since she is chewy, easy to grab, and has a lot of ends to chew on, my daughter has also found her to be a great comfort when she is in pain from teething or just upset. We squeak Sophie a few times and she never fails to deliver a smile! We never leave the house without her! We've noticed that slowly Sophie's food grade safe coloring is fading or coming off but she is made with 100% safe chemicals so we're not worried. I will be purchasing her as gifts for new moms and my own children in the future!-Adrienne

Review #: 12
Date: 11 7, 2012
There is absolutely no way we are going to be able to use this.  While washing it off for first use I accidentally squeaked it and our dogs started going crazy.  For some reason the sound has them thinking there is a dying animal in the house (which is what it sounds like).  While our daughter may have liked it, giving her a toy the dogs are this excited about is just asking for trouble.  We are going to experiment with killing the squeaker, so we'll see if that ends up being our solution.  Even if the dogs were fine with it I am not sure I would want to hear it all day long, and our daughter actually startled when she heard it for the first time, so I think I am justified in the title of this review!

Review #: 13
Date: 12 25, 2011
A little expensive? Maybe, but completely worth it! Sophie is adorable and my 4 month old daughter absolutely loves her. My daughter is teething and has been so fussy but as soon as I gave her Sophie she started chewing on her and calmed right down. Also, I am very happy that Sophie is BPA & toxin free. She is made naturally from the sap of Havea rubber trees. A big selling point for me!

Review #: 14
Date: 11 25, 2013
My son loves this giraffe, it's perfect for teething and is entertaining with the squeaky sound that it makes. The ears and horns and hooves are great for a baby to stick in his mouth.

Review #: 15
Date: 06 18, 2011
I think Sophie is such a cute teether, but my 6 month old daughter doesn't really chew on her as much as I would like her to.  She chews on her other toys.

Review #: 16
Date: 12 14, 2011
I had heard so much about "Sophie".  She is all the rage right now in baby land.  However, when my son started teething (6 months) and I got him his own Sophie, he couldn't have cared less about her.  He always goes for bright colored, harder toys.  Sophie is cute to me but seems to just be boring to him.  I also got him the newer sophie teething ring and he likes that much more!

Review #: 17
Date: 09 26, 2010
My five month old LOVES "Mr G Raff" - he loves to suck on the face and the legs and he delights in the squeak!  It is easy to wash and easy to reach for and hold - deserves all of the hype!

Review #: 18
Date: 04 25, 2013
I don't have any complaints it seems like a well made toy. abit on the price side but My daughter didn't take to it at all.

Review #: 19
Date: 07 7, 2011
My three month old son loves this!I have bought like three green sprout teethers, the razzie, the keys, and the teether ball and he has no interest in any of them. Sophie is the first toy he has been interested in that he can hold... to my suprise he can get it in his mouth on his own and can even make it squeek! Don't try and save $ buying the cheaper teethers like i did...this is a must have. Best $20.00 I have spent P.S. i took a pic of him chewing away and posted it to Amazon he is the one in a little green shirt.

Review #: 20
Date: 01 29, 2013
Every baby needs one of these.  My son is obsessed with Sophie and has been since he was three months old.  He carries her everywhere, chews on her head, chews on her legs, etc.  She has been a huge help during teething.  I just wash her off in the sink when she gets gross and we are good to go.  So worth it!

Review #: 21
Date: 05 20, 2014
Maybe it's the vanilla scent. Maybe it's the squeaker. Or maybe it's the fact that the rubber is the perfect consistency to soothe sore gums. Either way, both my kids have LOVED Sophie. We actually had to buy one for the dog too, because with the squeaker it seemed like one of his toys and he would get a forlorn look when the girls wouldn't play fetch with theirs. They're expensive as far as teethers go, but in my opinion, they're worth every penny.

Review #: 22
Date: 01 20, 2012
Both my 4 month old and my dog love Sophie the Giraffe. She squeaks like a dog toy which makes things a little confusing for my pup. But my baby is teething now and loves to gnaw on Sophie - her face, her legs - any part he can get in his mouth. I'm not sure what it is about this toy but he loves it so I can't complain!Update: 11/2013Well, Sophie is cute, and absolutely everyone has one. But... in hindsight, I think it was a waste of money. My son gnawed on her for maybe 2 weeks and then moved on. For the price, I could've bought 5 different teething toys instead of just this one.I think at this point Sophie has become a must-have toy because it's so pervasive in the new mommy culture, but really... I'm just not impressed. Several other moms I know have said the same. It's cute and makes a great gift... but it's really not used much for what its intended.

Review #: 23
Date: 02 3, 2013
My 6 month-old son, who just got his first two teeth last week, likes chewing on Sophie. As best I can tell, this is mainly due to the size, shape, and lightness of the toy, with lots of projecting parts (esp. legs, ears, horns) that work as 'handles' or for getting into his mouth. The rubbery texture may play a part, too. The Vulli website talks about a toy that engages 'all the senses', but I think the pattern, scent and even the squeakiness are pretty much lost on our baby. So, we're satisfied with the toy, but, if I was doing it over again, I'd look for a less expensive alternative. Sophie's success in the U.S., in spite of the hefty markup from her price in France (where she retails for under 7 Euros), pretty clearly rests on her successful marketing as a status object starting with endorsements from celebrity moms, and the snowball effect where highly-reviewed products on Amazon attract more viewers, then buyers, then reviewers (...which makes me ambivalent about contributing yet another Sophie review!) Do other reviewers have suggestions of alternatives?UPDATE: Now 8 months old, my son still likes Sophie okay, but not with any particular interest. And Sophie has revealed a tendency to attract grubby marks (from contact with newspaper or unknown sources of grime) that are difficult or impossible to wash off with dish soap, reducing the cuteness factor. Knocking her down to three stars.

Review #: 24
Date: 03 16, 2011
I had just finally received this yesterday and I must say that it was totally worth it! My son has been teething for a while and I have been wanting to get this for him since he was born! I finally made the decision and went with it. I am sooooo glad I did, because the smile on his face was worth every penny. He's been gnawing on it non-stop. When it squeaks, he looks at it and smiles, so I guess he likes it. The only thing I am not so keen on was the strong rubber smell at first, but after washing it a few times, the smell wears off. Other than than, Sophie is cute as a button and I'm glad I got her!

Review #: 25
Date: 12 29, 2013
I really like this teether. Easy to grab solid enough and above all safe made of natural rubber safe paint. I highly recommend it.

Review #: 26
Date: 03 1, 2011
We have the teethers you chill in the fridge, and my daughter likes them as long as they are cold. However, she loves Sophie all the time. This teether is extremely light and quite easy for my six month old to hold. Warning - she does squeak and that akes this toy quite appealing to our puppies as well so we have to keep a close eye on it.

Review #: 27
Date: 02 25, 2013
No really, we love Sophie at our house.  My son just loves this toy so much, she makes him happy and my older kids even like her as well.  He uses her for teething and he also just likes to grab a hold of her and examine her little legs and face closely.  She is soft, has a pleasant scent and easy for his little hands to grab.  He also really likes that she squeaks, as do my dogs.  That has been the biggest challenge - keeping expensive little Sophie away from my dogs!  Anyways, she is everything that my son requires in a toy at age 6 months and has been well loved in our household.  God forbid something happen to her we would have to get another one!

Review #: 28
Date: 08 16, 2013
I was skeptical about buying what I had heard was like an expensive dog toy, but I went ahead and bought one to see what all the hype was. My son loves this thing. He would chew on it for hours, it helped so much during those tough teething days and is totally worth the price tag. We had to buy two.

Review #: 29
Date: 10 29, 2012
This is a must have for any baby.  We have tons of different typs of "teethers" in our house but my son loves Sophie!  Not only does he love to chew on her but the sqeaking sound helps to calm him down.

Review #: 30
Date: 12 29, 2011
This teether is made of a soft all-natural rubber. It has legs that can be chewed on, a nice long neck, as well as head and ears that are great for teething babies too. It does squeak when squeezed or bitten, which initially scared my son, but when he is in the right mood he loves it! It is lightweight so babies can actually hold it on their own, unlike so many teethers we have. My 5 month-old is having a blast with his new Sophie Giraffe!

Review #: 31
Date: 12 1, 2013
My son loves to chew on his Sophie. He is just starting to teeth  and he uses this as one of his favorite chews. He also is now starting to reconize sophie squeak. When I squeak it he will turn his head and look for it.

Review #: 32
Date: 12 7, 2012
We just love Sophie, so much that we ended up picking up a second one to keep in the car. Our daughter loves chewing on the legs and ears, and the neck is perfect for little hands to hold.

Review #: 33
Date: 01 21, 2011
The squeak is really fun, and I love that this giraffe is made out of some strange tree rubber. I think many babies would enjoy this product, especially if they have it starting at a young age. In case you can't tell, it's very soft material (not like hard plastic, which is what I was expecting)

Review #: 34
Date: 02 5, 2013
Babies are picky about what they like to chew on.  One baby may love to chew on this, but my son isn't so crazy about it.  He chews on everything else, though!  I think he prefers something with a hard texture rather than this soft squishy one.  He does like to make it squeak though!  (I bought it for him when he was 8 mos and he's now almost 10 mos and still chewing on everything).

Review #: 35
Date: 12 27, 2013
Hands down this is our baby boy's favorite toy. He is 7 mo now and it can keep him busy for 20 mintues straight. He loves the smell and the look as well.  One sqeak sends him into a fit of joy! Perfect gift for a new baby.

Review #: 36
Date: 11 14, 2013
Nice toy and cute  but my dog wants it more than my son....for spending that much money I was disappointed.

Review #: 37
Date: 06 26, 2012
This teether is pretty adorable! My lil one is only 3 months but has already started teething. She doesn't have great holding or grasping skills yet but the giraffe is pretty large and the texture helps her get a grip on it. I will be getting this for my friends for their baby showers as well. Oh! And she loves the squeak noise! It's pretty loud though :)

Review #: 38
Date: 06 9, 2009
I saw this toy when my twins were just a couple months old, but I let the price deter me from buying it when I saw it in a local boutique.  A few months later I had a coupon for that same store and ended up buying Sophie.  What a great toy - who knew?!  It is a favorite of both my babies and even my 17 month old niece.  I love having a toy that I know is safe and will ALWAYS make them happy when I hand it.  Highly recommended!

Review #: 39
Date: 09 26, 2011
It feels flimsy and reminds me of a cheap dogs squeak toy by my daughter LOVES it. It's been almost a year and some of the orange has faded, but other than it's still in great condition and gets a lot of attention.

Review #: 40
Date: 04 20, 2009
Although he's only 5 months old, my son already seems to have a preference for this teether over all of the others that I have purchased for him!Update: 7 months later and Sophie's paint has gone the way of the dodo.  Not a big deal but if you're expecting this toy to stay colorful, be prepared to be disappointed.

Review #: 41
Date: 11 5, 2009
Like many others, when I dropped  $[...] on a French rubber squeak toy I thought to myself, "what a sucker I am".  But Sophie was worth it.  We take her everywhere, refer to her by name, and for some reason my daughter just loves Sophie.  She chews on Sophie's ears, squishes Sophie's body against her face, and holds on to Sophie's neck.  The toy is really well designed for kids.I gave Sophie 4 stars though because when you wash her, water gets stuck inside and is difficult to get out.  And when she's waterlogged, Sophie doesn't squeak very well.  But other than that, this is a great, safe, well designed toy.

Review #: 42
Date: 08 3, 2011
my 6 month old is loving this thing. i really thought the price was crazy high, but after talking to a few people and reading all the reviews, I thought, what the heck.my 3 yr old loves playing with it, too. she squeaks it til we all go deaf. That was, until, I washed it today and now the squeaker doesn't work right and it sounds "sick". So, she just got out her "Dr bag" and "fixed" her right up. LOL.Fun toy for all! Just wish I hadn't ruined the squeaker.

Review #: 43
Date: 01 19, 2012
I bought Sophie for my baby because I saw the reviews on Amazon and thought it looked cute.  We do love it!  My 3 month old son loves to look at Sophie; there's something about her face that captivates him. He likes the spots, too, but I know he loves her eyes, rosy cheeks, and smile.  The toy is a soft rubber and does have a loud and slightly annoying squeak in my opinion, but it does get the baby's attention.  I don't mean this to be negative, but for comparison's sake, it is similar to a dog toy. I appreciate the safety standards that reassure me it is safe to be a baby teether.  One thing I would caution is to look at the measurements; I did not and was surprised that the toy is kind of small--the picture is a little deceiving.  But it's actually a great size, fits in the diaper bag easily and also a good size for your little one to hold.  Sophie reminds me of a baby toy I had in the 70's (a rubber elephant that my mom says I loved), so I think the idea of this toy is a classic...which is a classic for a reason!

Review #: 44
Date: 11 18, 2010
My son adores his Sophie. He is constantly chewing on her. We keep her in our diaper bag and she goes everywhere with us. She was a perfect toy for our son to hold before he was able to grip very well because she is very light. A word of caution: She does squeak like a dog toy!

Review #: 45
Date: 10 4, 2009
I knew it was silly to spend so much on a teether, but I had tried so many other teethers and none of them worked. I read the amazon reviews and couldn't wait to get Sophie. Unfortunately, it didn't work for my baby. My baby just doesn't seem to chew on things for teething relief. If your baby does chew when teething I can see how it would be a winner, but it's not the magical teether it's made out to be. The only thing that's working for us is Orajel and Tylenol.

Review #: 46
Date: 09 10, 2013
My daughter loves to chew on Sophie.  It is easily gripped by babies and the squeak is such a surprise as they chew on any part of her.

Review #: 47
Date: 12 22, 2012
We purchased this for our youngest and he loved to tote sophie around in his hand and/or mouth. He received another for Christmas, but didn't need it because the first held up well.

Review #: 48
Date: 05 28, 2013
My 9 month old son loves Sophie. She is cute, easy to hold, and soft to chew on. It really helps with his teething. I have seen other reviews about babies choking on legs, he has never even chosen a leg to chew on because they are perfect to hold onto.

Review #: 49
Date: 09 5, 2010
After watching my little niece interact with Sophie I couldn't wait to buy one for my son. He is only three months old and I have NO idea what is so interesting about her but he can't get enough of her. He loves biting on her, he loves squeaking her and he loves holding her legs. Was definitely a great buy, if you haven't already bought a Sophie for your little one - please do! She is great!! :o)

Review #: 50
Date: 03 3, 2014
I'm happy with this teether. I know the price is super high for what it is but you know it isn't as cheaply made as other teethers and you know it works since everyone buys it. My second child enjoyed this more than the first (purchased a second one for her) as I got my first child's wet trying to clean it. Gently wipe this or the squeaker will stop if you get water in it! If you do try putting it in the sun to dry out - this sometimes works!

Review #: 51
Date: 09 29, 2011
My 4 month old son loves Sophie the Giraffe.  He seems fascinated by her if he is fussy when I am putting him in his car seat and if I'm in the backseat with him and he gets fussy...lightly making her squeak makes him focus on her and he's so intrigued by her he usually stops fussing.  He loves to chew on her too.  I like that I feel good knowing he's chewing on a natural material with no harmful chemicals. I'm so happy I bought my son this wonderful toy!

Review #: 52
Date: 06 22, 2012
Sophie has become our first "favorite" toy. My 3 month old has taken a great interest in the giraffe and tries to grip her legs and neck. He chews on her, and giggles when she squeaks. My only complaint is that the dogs love it too, so we have to keep an eye on Sophie.

Review #: 53
Date: 12 21, 2012
I was really disappointed in this toy when I bought it for my daughter 7 months ago.  It is the de riguer gift of the moment so I ended up buying it for a friend off of her registry because she really wanted it but I wouldn't say it is great in any way.The good:- It's cute- You don't want your baby to be the only infant at the park without Sophie, DO YOU???  lol- The plastic material is excellent.  Same for all of the Vulli toys, very high quality.The bad:- It makes a horrible squeaking sound.  Like, grating, iritating, annoying, do I want to hear this all day no I don't.- When you wash it, the squeaking sound dies.  YAY!  Oh wait it came back- When I washed it, the paint bled.  Her black eyes actually streaked down her face.  Sophie is now emo, black-tears Sophie.  My daughter has a disease that requires us to be hyper-viligant about germs, I can't have a toy that can't hold up to a simple wash with water & soap (especially for $20ish)- Way too big until your kid is at least 5 months old.  Even still, it's just kind of a clunky, lame toy.All in all, this toy is OKAY.  The other Vulli toys are better, in my opinion.  We bought the So Pure teether (the smaller Sophie with rings) and the 2 pack Vanilla scented teether rings and those were MUCH better.

Review #: 54
Date: 11 13, 2012
she squeaks, has big black eyes, is easy to hold on to, has the perfect nose for sucking, the perfect legs for chewing, she's easy to clean and travels very well. a must for all babes.

Review #: 55
Date: 01 20, 2012
sophie looks pretty, makes funny noise and even 4months old can squeeze it. feels & smells different vs other toys so baby is stimulated at every possible way. good quality. safe for baby (at any point). get it!

Review #: 56
Date: 01 15, 2013
this is really a great item for baby, he adores it and it squeaks all over, i would def. recommend this item.

Review #: 57
Date: 07 26, 2013
I highly recommend Sophie! My thirteen month old still uses it as a teething toy above all the others I have purchased.  I have found (by accident) that running it through the dishwasher on the top shelf makes it stop squeaking.  Could be a useful tidbit of info if the squeaking is driving you crazy.  We have definitely gotten our money's worth!

Review #: 58
Date: 02 10, 2009
I scoffed when I saw the price on this rubber/plastic thing, but it is worth every penny.  It is the perfect size for even an early teether to hold up to their mouth, and it is large enough that we don't lose it.  Great toy!

Review #: 59
Date: 10 9, 2013
This toy is fantastic in that my 6-month old absolutely adored it.  It was not a cheap toy - cost right around $20, and for a squeaky toy, this is a lot.  Unfortunately, after just about a week of playtime, the squeaker device inside of Vulli Sophie became detached and was rattling around inside the toy and not working.  I figured it was just a defective toy and since he loved it so much, I returned to Amazon (great return policy) and ordered another Sophie.  Pretty much the same sequence of events happened.  Although the squeaker did not become detached and rattle around inside of the toy as it did the first time, after about one week to ten days of use, the squeaker stopped working and the funny noise that really caught my little boy's attention was now gone.  I returned (and Amazon accepted) again, but this time I am not ordering another replacement.For $20, a toy should be built to last and its quality should be outstanding, especially when you consider that you are paying $20 for a squeaky toy that normally costs around $3, which is a price that, if the noise maker stops working, you can at least live with and understand.  Although I love the concept of this toy and my child loved it as well, I cannot get past the quality issue, especially given the price, which is the justification for this poor review.

Review #: 60
Date: 09 1, 2010
As soon as I showed it to him it went in his mouth and he has happily played with it every since.  He loves chewing on all parts of it!

Review #: 61
Date: 12 6, 2013
Appealing, easily grasped by baby hands, and soothing....what more can you say!Consider it a must for a sweet little teething one!

Review #: 62
Date: 12 29, 2013
At first glance this seemed like an expensive dog toy but it is the best teething toy I've ever bought. I'm only sad that I didn't get one for my older kids. It's easy for baby to hold and easy to chew in any side. I highly recommend this to a any one with a teething baby. Great baby shower gift!!

Review #: 63
Date: 01 5, 2011
I bought this when our son was 7 months and were showing signs of teething. He didn't show much interest. Now he's 10 months and still teething but still shows no interest in this "teether" toy. I hand it to him and he looks at it for a little and goes after a more interesting toy. I even put it in his mouth to see if he chews on it, no luck. Our dog on the other hand, loves this toy because of the squeeker inside. Then I realized that our dog actually has a very similar toy that is a pig and we bought it for like 2 bucks at pet smart. This item is way over priced and totally unnecessary.

Review #: 64
Date: 03 28, 2011
My LO is 3 months old.  The giraffe if to large for him to even fit in him mouth.  So when he gets older and is teething hopefully he will enjoy it

Review #: 65
Date: 03 12, 2014
This is an expensive toy. Since most teething toys are under $5, this is pretty expensive. However, it works! My son loves it and it keeps him occupied for several minutes to give him some relief. I highly recommend this.

Review #: 66
Date: 03 24, 2011
I still don't get it. It's a rubber toy. It looks like a chew toy. It's a squeaky toy. There are a lot of toys out there that cost less and do these things. But. My daughter LOVES this one. She doesn't LOVE any other ones. Also, this is the first toy that is meant to make noises that SHE can actually cause to make noise. All the other ones require me pushing the button or squeezing or pulling, as a seven month old cannot actually do these things in a coordinated manner yet. It's got vintage charm. It's all natural. It's trendy. Babies seem magnetized by it. I still don't get it. But oh, my goodness. It's worth it.

Review #: 67
Date: 01 9, 2014
This is by far the worst package I had received ever. I wanted this do bad for my daughter, the package came opened and the box was in a horrible condition. I bought I brand new item but instead I got something used. I am very unsatisfied with this item!

Review #: 68
Date: 11 23, 2011
My daughter received a Sophie for Christmas last year when she was about six months old.  She didn't start actively teething for months later, at which time I offered Sophie several times.  She was never really interested, even though the kids of all of my other friends were raving about how awesome Sophie was.I give her three stars because she seems like she would/should be a good teething toy, but my daughter apparently prefers more firm teethers.  This is like a food-grade, medical silicone grade doggy squeak toy - my dog even got confused and thought the baby had one of his toys!  However, the food grade dyes wear off over time, even with just my daughter playing but not teething on Sophie.  She's also not very interesting to look at, with her drab colors and bland expression.I would not spend the money on this toy unless you know for sure you kid likes softer, squishier teethers.  I'm glad we got the opportunity to try Sophie, but I'm glad I didn't have to buy her since she was a dud for my kid. :)

Review #: 69
Date: 01 9, 2014
This is the big toy for babies this year, and I can see why. It is soft and sweet looking, and nice to chew on when the teeth hurt. Sweet!

Review #: 70
Date: 12 4, 2010
I bought it because of its great review however my 6 month old son doesn't care for this item at all.  He chew on everything but this giraffe. Maybe it's the size, maybe it's the rubber smell, I am  not sure. I am giving it a 3 star because it is just sitting there and not being used. Thus, I am unable to give much review about the use of it. This giraffe come in a box that is very nice, and has its birth certificate or something like that. Very good quality rubber, and squeek when you squeeze it. Yes it does look like a dog's chew toy. It is able to stand too.  I am not sure why my son doesn't like it. Perhaps he is on the smaller side, only 20th percentile on weight.  This toy is way too big for him to hold and put in his mouth. A little difficult to handle. When he first hold it (on one of the leg), he hit his head with the giraffe's head.  The second time, the giraffe's pointy ear poke his eye. It's difficult for him to aim it in his mouth, perhaps that's why he doesn't like it.  He tried the leg, but it seems like he can choke on it, so I suggest parents keep an eye on their babies while using this item. I wish one day he will use it. For now it's just an expensive made in France chew toy sitting on the floor.

Review #: 71
Date: 08 6, 2013
This is great for my 7 month old daughter to hold & reach all the teething spots she needs.  The squeaker is also cute.  Whenever she gets fussy in the car seat, Sophie saves the day!

Review #: 72
Date: 02 29, 2012
I got this, along with the Sophie with the base (because of the few reviews that said that their babies shoved this sophie's legs all the way down their throat).  My baby vastly prefers this, original sophie to the one that's smaller with the base.  My baby (who is 7 months and teething) likes to sort of lick it, and pound it on the ground, but either hasn't discovered or doesn't like to gnaw on it.  A friend's baby played with it one time and he LOVED it and gnawed on her legs and head and really seemed to get a lot out of it.  I like that it can be cleaned really easily, it's easy for my baby to hold, and has multiple places that he can chew on it (head, neck, legs... they are all a good size for a teething baby's mouth).

Review #: 73
Date: 02 21, 2014
Sophie saved my life countless times during my childrens' teething months. That squeaky, chewy, irresistible toy is just the ticket. My babies would attack Sophie as soon as I pulled her out. And she's really cute too. When a parent finds something that saves their life, they tend to rave about it. I'm ravin'!

Review #: 74
Date: 02 26, 2011
My baby isn't crazy about Sophie. She would rather play with other toys and chew on her razberry teether. I kind of regret spending what I did for a teething toy, but couldn't get over the hype about it.

Review #: 75
Date: 06 18, 2014
This giraffe is cute and our baby has seemed to enjoy gnawing on her but the $20 price tag for such a small toy is kind of surprising. I think I was expecting something  a little larger. The natural paint and rubber is a healthy choice and I appreciate that, and is why I bought it. Also be careful when you wash it that you don't get water in the squeaker, I made this mistake and it took a while for it to dry out and for the squeaker to work again. I know this is a quality toy that I can let my little one play with without worrying and I guess that is worth the price but...

Review #: 76
Date: 06 21, 2013
..but my kid loves this thing.  Sophie goes everywhere.  Since my little guy loves her so much...Sophie is def. worth it!

Review #: 77
Date: 04 23, 2013
I received two of these at my baby shower. I thought they were cute and then I opened one and gave it to my baby. IT SQUEAKS!!!!! It makes a high-pitched, dog-toy squeak that is obnoxious. That being said, the baby loves chewing on it and it is easy for her to hold. But that noise - it is awful. It is loud and draws attention. I will not take it with us to restaurants or even in the car.  It is so bad I have considered &#34;losing&#34; Sophie. I would never give this to another parent.

Review #: 78
Date: 12 5, 2012
Our son refuses to take a paci, but loves to chew on things. We have had a hard time finding anything that keeps him interested for more than a few minutes (that isn't paper) but this Sophie has worked wonders! We first saw this at a friend's baby shower and I originally thought it was a dog's chew toy, but our son loved it so much I had to track one down. As expensive as it is compared to other teethers, for us it was well worth the purchase! The squeaker in side keeps him happy for longer periods of time than other teethers and the long legs and neck give him something to easily grip or chew on. Perfect!

Review #: 79
Date: 05 3, 2011
It is so cute and soft we love it.  My baby is 3 months she love to chew it and love the squeaking noises!

Review #: 80
Date: 05 10, 2013
My five month old loves to chew on sophie. It will keep his attention for 10 minutes or so... not a &#34;WONDER&#34; chew toy... but if he is happy when he gets Sophie, he will stay happy. if he is crying when he gets sophie, he usually stays crying.

Review #: 81
Date: 12 15, 2010
I bought Sophie for my three month old and at the time it was hit or miss, sometimes he'd like it, others not so much, which is totally understandable since babies of that age don't do a whole lot anyway...But once he turned six months old, Sophie did not leave his little hands! He loves to squeak her and chew on her legs.  Sophie is the perfect size for teething babies to grab and munch on, without worrying about the possibility of choking.  My 18 month old niece can't seem to put her down either! Whenever she visits, Sophie is her best buddy.  I would definitely recommend Sophie to any parent of a teething baby, and even babies who aren't.  She's just about the perfect baby toy!

Review #: 82
Date: 01 7, 2013
There is a reason this product is number one. It is natural, non toxic, and holds up to all sorts of infant/toddler abuse. We actually have two so that one is always clean and handy. I don't know what it is about this particular toy but she will choose it every time over any other teether.

Review #: 83
Date: 06 13, 2014
When we originally purchased this toy, I wasn't sure why I was paying $20 for something that was going to be chewed on. Now I get it. My daughter loves this toy. It's pretty much her favorite thing to play with, and it's especially nice because she is teething so horribly.

Review #: 84
Date: 10 18, 2010
I got this as a gift. My baby loves chewing on Sophie's ears. I do like it that it's natural and painted with food paint. But I'm not sure I'd pay almost $20 for this. It's a good product but a bit pricy for a teething toy.

Review #: 85
Date: 04 26, 2012
My we bought this when my daughter was 3 months old, and she could have cared less at that point.  At 7 months, Sophie became interesting, and rubber giraffe shank is always on the menu around here.

Review #: 86
Date: 04 6, 2014
Love, love, love Sophie the Giraffe in our home! She is a favorite & thinking of getting another just in case she goes missing!

Review #: 87
Date: 05 7, 2013
My son really liked the giraffe until the sqeaker stopped working.  It didn't seem to withstand all the drool.  But it is soft enough for him at 4 months that he really enjoyed chewing on it.

Review #: 88
Date: 02 18, 2011
We purchased Sophie the Giraffe after reading other reviews and seeing it on Amazon's top 100 baby items list.Our 6 month old loves Sophie.  We take it with us everywhere we go.There are so many different things for her to chew on and she also loves making Sophie squeak.We also purchased a pink Chan Pie Gnon and she loves that one too.I highly recommend both Sophie and Chan Pie Gnon if you have a teething baby that also enjoys squeaky toys.

Review #: 89
Date: 01 3, 2010
I was to get Sophie and Vulli Soft Toy CPG CHAN to compare but ended up getting only Sophie.I was afraid my baby would not like it. My baby loves sucking her hands so much. But now she loves munching on Sophie's hooves. Sometimes she put two hooves at a time - it's so funny!! On one of our road trips, she munched on the hooves and fell asleep!!!! I was so amazed coz usually she doesn't nap easily.Anyway, hate the noise when her gum rups on Sophie. But it's something I can live with as long as my baby has a great time.

Review #: 90
Date: 04 14, 2012
We've bought several of these for our children and for others as gifts.Everyone loves the giraffe.I would highly recommend this for anyone with a newborn baby.

Review #: 91
Date: 03 24, 2011
I got this because of all the hype but I must say it was well worth it.  My 4 month old loves it and even now prefers this over a paci.  It is light weight and easier for her to old.  My only complaint is that it squeaks which makes it a target for my jack russell terrier!  Not really sure why it needs to sound like a dog toy!

Review #: 92
Date: 08 25, 2012
Yes, we have a back up just in case. I know parents that have had to run out in the middle of the night to buy a replacement when theirs was misplaced.  I see these with almost every baby when we are out and for good reason.  Sophie is durable, great to chew on, and pleasant to see and squeak.  Boy or girl, Sophie is a winner and a great gift.  I gave one to our niece and seems to be the gift to give when we have a new addition. You will know this toy is worth every penny when it entertains and serves as a teether.

Review #: 93
Date: 06 5, 2010
We've been using this toy since 4 months of age.  The baby still loves it at 9 months.  I think a lot of people are exaggerating when they say that they've found their kids "turning blue" from choking on a leg.  The legs aren't even that long and I can't see how a child can even get it lodged in their throats to the point of suffocating.

Review #: 94
Date: 05 10, 2011
I fell for the hype of Sophie, so many great reviews, a great name, and a high pricetag..so it must be great right? Wrong! It is an over-hyped dog toy. It is nothing like I expected. I thought the legs would be a bit more stiff to actually allow for teething. But they aren't. It's super soft and squishy and hollow. My son who puts everything in his mouth won't play with this, and I don't blame him. Even the texture is weird. The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because it does have a cute squeeker (again like a dog toy). But I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, even if it were a fraction of the price.

Review #: 95
Date: 08 7, 2011
Amazon got me with this teether.  I had bought something else and found a link to the most popular baby items on Amazon.  Sophie was number 1 - I saw all the great reviews and decided to purchase (never having heard of this teether before).  After using for 2 months (for my 5 month old) I have the following good and not so good comments.Starting with the good.  The teether is made of nice rubber.  I can see and hear my baby's satisfaction chewing it.  It rubs nicely against his gums unlike any other teether we have.  It also has a nice earthly smell and it's soft and easily compressible.  It also has many different shapes, the tiny ears and horns, long neck and long legs are all great at fitting in my sons mouth in different ways so he can find what soothes him best.  I like the squeak (some said it sounds like a dog toy), but it gets my sons attention and he seems surprised and happy whenever it squeaks.  I also like that it is made out of safe materials (natural rubber and food grade paint).Now for the not so good.  When washing sometimes I get water in the small hole in the back (and sometimes drool gets in there too).  It does eventually air out but it has crossed my mind that maybe mold could grow?  But I'm not sure and haven't noticed any funky smells yet.  I found if I wash/rinse holding upright the water stays out of the hole and the squeak returns.  In addition, some of the paint has started cracking on the tips of the ears and the feet.  And my last complaint and one that makes me the most nervous is that the long legs are easily movable and it has crossed my mind that he could potentially stick one in his mouth too far and choke/gag.  When this thought came to me I looked on Amazon at reviews and low and behold many have experienced this.  Since then I only let him chew on the teether when I am right next to him or holding him in my lap.As scary as this is this is not a deal breaker for me since the unique rubber is so satisfying for my son to chew on, I just have to be diligent watching him.  Hope this helps!  All in all I recommend Sophie.

Review #: 96
Date: 12 6, 2013
Our son really likes Sopie...the problem is that with every smile he has from her squeaker, so too are our dogs summoned to Sophie...at which point they try to be sneaky and steal her.  I know that there will be one morning that I forget to put her out of reach and they'll swiftly tear her apart.  But this is the price we pay for having 4-legged and 2-legged children.  My son enjoys this toy for the squeaker and due to the ease at which he can hold it.  His small mouth (4 months old) has some difficulty chewing on her.  He chews her ears, but I think he wishes they were a little bigger so he could get them further back (if they made a bunny rabbit it would be perfect for him).  I considered getting the smaller Sophie teether, but I figured that he could grow into this one.  Overall, it's a good purchase and I know our son will be searching out Sophie among his other toys.

Review #: 97
Date: 09 10, 2012
Sophie is super cute and should be the perfect teething implement, but not all babies are going to like her....like my baby for example : )  Sophie really just succeeded in making my dog frustrated (she's got a squeaker), but I know so many other kids who loved Sophie...basically, buy it, but know that your kid may not want it.

Review #: 98
Date: 09 12, 2009
I bought this based on the great reviews, and I'm glad I did!  I have soooo many teething/chewing toys for my son, and the only one he uses is this.  It's ultra lightweight and easy for him to hold.  I was surprised at how soft it is.  I didn't think it would be very satisfying for him to chew on, but he loves it.

Review #: 99
Date: 03 22, 2011
This giraffe teether is just perfect for little hands to grasp. My grandson loves his. He chews on it, shakes it around, turns it over and holds on to its legs. It is well-made and very popular! Highly recommend.

Review #: 100
Date: 04 21, 2009
I gave this product to my 5 month old son and he INSTANTLY loved it!! I'm not sure what makes this toy so much more desirable to him than the others that we have, but he loves to put the head and feet in his mouth and chew on it.The only reason that I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because for $20 it's a very cheaply made toy that really looks like it should cost $3.But seeing the joy on my son's face makes it worth every penny, so I would buy it again.

Review #: 101
Date: 06 28, 2009
My 2 1/2 mo. old son can't grasp things yet, but he really seems to like his Sophie. She was the 2nd 'toy' that we introduced, after Lamaze's "Mortimer the Moose". I like her because she's a great size, lightweight, very soft and smooth, easy to wash, and fun to play with (not just chew on). My son holds her against his body, under his arm, and tries to knaw on her head and ears. He loves the sound she makes and his face lights up when you squeeze her in front of him.She's gotten positive reviews in several parenting magazines in the last few months. It was a little pricey for a toy/teether, but I'm really happy with her and my son seems happy too.

Review #: 102
Date: 11 21, 2011
I was so looking forward to getting this for my little girl, but from the second I opened the box I was disappointed.  It didn't smell like vanilla rubber; it smelled like latex.  I don't get HOW it can be called a teether.  It is a squeak toy.  Period.  It is completely hollow and has an obnoxious squeak when you barely even touch it.  It is so flexible that I don't see how a- it can be safe (which reading some of the other negative reviews I now see that it probably isn't safe) or b- can be effective.  This thing gives at the slightest touch, so how can it possibly aid in cutting teeth or massaging the gums?Additionally, you cannot sterilize this toy.  So... let's see.  My baby got thrush when she was only 2 weeks old and I had to sterilize everything that came in contact with her mouth.  What would I have done with this then?  And she just got over her first cold, so again everything was sterilized.  You need to sterilize things with a baby- you just do.  How can this be a toy that you can't sterilize?!?I will be going to Barnes and Noble tomorrow to compare and see if this is the same as what they have there, but either way I'm sorely disappointed in this purchase.  I've bought dog toys that would have made better teethers.  Heck, I have a baby Garanimals water toy giraffe that would be a safer and more effective teether.  **I have two other toys by Vulli and they DO HAVE the natural rubber smell.  This is going back to Amazon.**

Review #: 103
Date: 02 15, 2012
My son has been happily chewing on this toy since he was 4 months old.  It is made of rubber material so it is easy to clean.  Be warned that it squeaks (I didn't realize that before purchasing) & therefore would probably not work well in a home with a dog.

Review #: 104
Date: 11 30, 2012
Little guy was way more of an oral baby than my first.  He chewed this thing all the time.  I think his favorite part was the legs because they were similar to chewing a finger... he would grab any hand that came close and try to chew it.  Be careful when cleaning it, if water gets near the hole the squeak sounds funny til the water dries up.  After it happened a couple of times I started washing the head and neck first and then turning it to wash the legs.

Review #: 105
Date: 01 3, 2012
Our son has had Sophie since birth and really took a liking to her around month 3.  He really likes to stick her face into her mouth but really enjoys the legs better because he can get a better bite on them :)  Could probably live without, but would prefer not to...

Review #: 106
Date: 01 10, 2014
I've tried this supposed &#34;wonder teether&#34; with both of my children (boy and girl) and neither of them have used it for more than one instance. They just don't seem to get much out of it. To me it's not worth the price. It seems like a very overpriced squeaky toy and is now a bath toy for my daughter. I was disappointed.

Review #: 107
Date: 11 25, 2011
My baby really does not love this at all.  My dogs love it so much more than the baby.  I don't really understand why this toy is so popular.  The legs could easily get lodged in baby's throat the way they are designed.  I suppose it is a good teether because it is soft, but I feel something more safe would be better.  I am not a fan and do not understand why this is such a great toy, especially at the price tag!

Review #: 108
Date: 10 27, 2011
There is something about these that babies love.  It was expensive so we asked for this as a gift and our daughter loved it.  We got one for the neighbor and their baby loves it too.  Get the plastic interlocking rings and you can keep it near baby in the car

Review #: 109
Date: 01 3, 2013
This is one of the best toys we have, the hardest thing is keeping away from the dog though he loves it too

Review #: 110
Date: 10 10, 2011
Just being honest here, I was thrilled to get this for all my son's teething needs.  But no matter how much I introduced and re-introduced him to Sophie, he was completely uninterested.  She was no magic giraffe for us, just an unused toy.  I'd recommend the Babysafer feeder, thoughBaby Safe Feeder 2 Feeders & 2 Bags Starter KitWhile Sophie gathered dust, these feeders with some frozen fruit or ice worked like a charm.  Be warned: Sophie does not work for EVERY baby.

Review #: 111
Date: 12 19, 2010
I stumbled across Sophie online and saw that it received a TON of reviews and they were all 4 and 5 stars. I read that it was great for teething babies and decided that my little chewer may like it as well. We got this for my daughter when she was 3 months old. She likes to grab it by the neck as she goes to sleep which I think is great, it saves my finger, which is her usual sleep time routine. I was surprised when Sophie came in, that she is also a squeak toy, which presented a little bit of a problem with one of our dogs who is ga ga over squeakers... However, with some training she has learned to leave it alone. My daughter is now almost 5 months old and is teething like crazy... we do not leave our house without Sophie! Whenever she starts to get cranky she will chew on Sophie's legs and be content. I thought the price was a bit high when we bought it, but believe me, it was totally worth it and I would recommend every mother of a teething baby to buy it!

Review #: 112
Date: 11 21, 2013
Not understanding the hype--at least my daughter seems to want to chew on everything BUT this thing. Maybe she likes Sophie too much? It's a great design though and I know many babies who DO love it. But on the other hand, it's a glorified chew toy. And from what I understand they sell them overseas in grocery stores for just a few dollars--go figure.

Review #: 113
Date: 03 17, 2014
Sophie is super cute and great for teething babies.  But let's face it, she's all the rage and all the cool babies have one ;)

Review #: 114
Date: 02 15, 2014
Let me just start off by addressing the choking "issue" I keep reading about. Please don't leave your child unattended with this toy (or most toys), and you won't have to worry about choking.  I'm pretty sure the instructions probably say that, but in this case it's especially important- I can see how the back legs could get wedged-but the long legs are why baby loves it so much!Moving on, hubby was WAY skeptical about putting this on our registry (and then buying it when no one purchased it for us).  He said "that had better be one magical toy".  And now he admits that it is, and that it was worth the money.Our little guy adores his Sophie, and it was one of the first toys he could hold onto and chew on, starting when his chewing obsession began around 2 months.  Now, at almost 9 months, he's still chewing away, and also adores playing "Peekaboo" with Sophie, when she squeaks just out of sight, and then appears.My only (very minor) complaints are that 1) it can be a bit of a dirt attracter because of the material (as are the other silicone-type teethers- not just specific to Sophie).  2) If you have a dog, they may think the toy is theirs.  We can't send Sophie along to the babysitter's house because her dog goes nuts.Overall, a MUST HAVE baby item.  No question.

Review #: 115
Date: 01 8, 2014
I heard such great things about the promise of Sophie to help with teething pain.  Our kid hates it, and I think it's because it squeaks so loudly no matter where you touch her.  While I know she's a lifesaver for many, for us she was an overpriced dog toy.

Review #: 116
Date: 01 10, 2010
I loved reading the story that comes with Sophie, about how this toy is made just as it was in 1956, in the same process from the same all natural materials (tree sap or natural rubber).  I have tried dozens of teether toys with both my daughters, my 5 month old loves chewing on sophie's feet or head. She smiles when I squeak her. if I give her one of the wooden teething toys she cries (too hard and big/heavy) and if I give her the plastic rings, she also cries (again I think too hard). Sophie is amazingly soft and seems very durable. I have not seen any fading of the colors at all. Wonderful toy, worth the price.

Review #: 117
Date: 05 26, 2014
My daughter loves Sophie! She cut her first tooth at four months, so was an early teether. This giraffe is a life saver! It keeps her entertained in the car, while we're out, pretty much anywhere. We always say she's making out with Sophie because she likes to try to chew her face off. It's kind of pricey, but has been completely worth it for us!

Review #: 118
Date: 06 22, 2014
This is one of my go to presents for new babies. I have bought over 6 of them and every baby has loved them. It is soft and great for teething.

Review #: 119
Date: 05 9, 2013
Little girl loves to chew on his leggs and neck. Everything about this giraffe fits a toddler from the way it lays to the way they suck his nose. LOOOVE it!

Review #: 120
Date: 06 4, 2013
I wasn't sure about the cost of this teether, but it's well worth it. Easy for my 5 month old to hold onto, squeaks but not too annoying.

Review #: 121
Date: 12 29, 2013
We got this for our 5 month old, I had been eyeing it since we made our shower registry.  But due to the price, we just weren't sure if it would actually be the &#34;#1 teething toy&#34;. She chokes herself on the legs from shoving them so far in her mouth and doesn't really seem to be able to get a grip in it as well as some smaller teethers.  She does enjoy the ears and antlers though!

Review #: 122
Date: 12 3, 2011
I saw Sophie in stores before my son was born and thought the price seemed really high for a simple squeaky toy so I didn't buy her. Luckily, we received her as a gift. Now that I see how much my son loves her, I think she is well worth the price. My son started responding to her squeak at about 6 weeks old. She was the first toy he was able to grab onto at about 2 months, and now, at 4 months he loves chewing on her and can easily pick her up himself. She is very light and easy for young babies to handle, and she has a lot of different places for babies to grip. My baby loves her squeaky noise too. My one complaint, and it is minor, is that when I wash her she gets some water stuck inside and won't squeak very well for a while.

Review #: 123
Date: 10 20, 2013
My some loves this. He is 8 months old and still loves it. Make sure you hold your finger over the hole when you wash it or the squeaker will not work.

Review #: 124
Date: 02 12, 2010
Baby girl just loves Sophie!  It was the first toy she actually started engaging with (~3.5mo), being able to grasp and suck on it - highly recommend it.  Sophie comes with a great story as well.

Review #: 125
Date: 01 6, 2011
My little 9-month old boy opened this up on Christmas morning....and it went STRAIGHT into his mouth!  He loves this freaking thing so much.  The squeaking does remind me of a dog toy though :-)Just use common sense.  Supervise your child while playing with this toy if you're worried about the negative reviews.  I feel safe with it as my boy is old enough to pull things back out of his mouth and has a gag reflex.

Review #: 126
Date: 08 1, 2011
I bought this toy for my teething 4 month old after reading so many wonderful reviews.  She loved the squeek and loved chewing on this flexible toy. I loved it for about two weeks. Then I noticed to my horror that it was peeling in many different places and pieces of it were coming off. Now my baby has no teeth as yet but this toy could not even hold up to her gumming.Unless you want your baby ingesting whatever that stuff is made from, don't buy it.

Review #: 127
Date: 08 11, 2011
Okay, I was a bit skeptic after reading all the reviews on how wonderful and great this little 'sophie' was...My first thought: 'Honestly?? it looks like a glorified doggie chew toy!"-- BOY WAS I WRONG!!! This thing is loved by my baby who is super picky!It is definitely on the pricier side, but when you have a drooling baby who is fussy and seriously aching to chew on anything, this GETS THE JOB DONE...you won't regret it.This is what ALL parents should be reaching for to give their babies the bestest gum soother on the market which also has entertainment value (the fact that it SQUEAKS)Also, very Easy to keep clean, just dish soap and hot water on a daily basis.Not only is it cute, functional and entertaining, Sophie is super easy to find in the diaper bag! =)So, Don't HESITATE to buy it! This is also the cheapest price I've found online and in stores. They usually run over $23. Save bucks and make your baby happy!

Review #: 128
Date: 01 14, 2013
My son loves his Sophie the Giraffe. To tell you the truth it is a glorified dog chew toy, BUT, babies love it. My son loves to hit it with his hands and squeeze it as well as chew it. I was very skeptical about purchasing this but it had great reviews so I thought huh why not give it a try. My son has been teething since he was 2 months old and it has been a nightmare, he is now 6 months old and can actually hold things and bring them to his mouth to chew on them. I've tried quite a few teething items to include wooden rings, liquid filed rings, and my son prefers this one. He also loves his Vulli vanilla rings too.

Review #: 129
Date: 05 7, 2013
At first my little guy wasn't sure about this thing and I was thinking I had wasted my money on what seemed like a dog sqeek toy... but once he figured out how to hold and chew on it,  he now  loves it! We're in the early stages of teething so it goes where ever he goes!I have even gone as far as to put a pacifer clip around it's leg so that it doesn't get thrown on the floor in the car. I think this is the best teether out there, a must have for a teething kiddo.

Review #: 130
Date: 12 15, 2013
My daughter was teething pretty badly. Since many people rated Sophie as a must have for teething babies, I finally placed an order for a Sophie the Giraffe Teether by Vulli. We anxiously awaited the arrival of our order. I washed Sophie with warm soapy water moments after taking it out of the box to give to my daughter. She took it from me immediately. While she was playing with it, I noticed that it was no longer squeaking. This disappointed me, only hours old and part of the toy was already broken? I took the toy from my daughter to investigate. Water had gotten into the squeaker. I set it out to dry on a towel. The next morning Sophie was back to normal squeaking away. We've had Sophie a month now and haven't had a problem with Sophie's squeaker since on account of me being extremely cautious of the squeaker when I wash Sophie. I'm thoroughly pleased with this teether and would definitely recommend to a friend.

Review #: 131
Date: 12 18, 2013
A must for every new baby.  It's so soft and the spots really capture a baby's attention.  My baby girl loves to use it as a teething toy.

Review #: 132
Date: 02 10, 2013
I bought this for my grandaughter- its her favorite teether - its very soft and well made- i'd recomend this for all teething babies

Review #: 133
Date: 11 3, 2013
When I was pregnant I had several moms tell me I HAD to get a Sophie so I checked into them and decided $20 was waaaaaaay too much for a rubber giraffe. I ended up getting one at my baby shower and, man, was I wrong! Sophie is awesome!! My daughter is 9 months and she has used and loved her Sophie so much that her spots are almost gone! If you have a sad teething baby, you totally need one of these adorable giraffes...you will be glad you spent the money.

Review #: 134
Date: 07 19, 2010
My baby girl is 4 months old and has been working on reaching for objects and is of course putting those objects in her mouth. I've been concerned about the weight of some of the toys and rattles she has. A lot of them are made of hard plastic that if they fell on her face it would hurt her.  Sophie the giraffe is so soft and light that it isn't a worry at all. My baby loves Sophie, she chews safely (food-based paint) on her  and tucks her under her arm when she naps.  She also likes to look at the contrast of spots on Sophie's body.  I also like the way Sophie squeaks.  It's a really soft sound, so that the baby is alerted by it, but not startled.  I know it seems expensive for a baby toy, but it is really worth it.

Review #: 135
Date: 02 9, 2010
One of those well loved toys. Sophie is easy to hold, everywhere. Her spots really grabs babies attention & she's lightweight and easy for little ones to squeak. She's also a huge hit for teething. I was sceptical at first but based on use, totally worth every penny. I even purchased a second as a gift for a friends baby who loves her now as well.

Review #: 136
Date: 08 23, 2011
I was so excited about giving Sophie the Giraffe to my 3 month old baby girl, you can imagine how shocked I was when the paint came off!  Not even two minutes in her hands, the brown paint started to rub off.  I washed the toy in the sink with warm water and rubbed the paint to see if it was just one spot or all... it was all the paint but the hooves.  Even the black eyes started coming off!I'm thinking this was a bad batch or something, because everyone else raves about theirs... if this is a common problem, I can't believe they're still putting these things on the market!Piece of crap toy and costs way too much money to have anything like this happen. I'm going back to giving my daughter a teething ring, I could buy 6 more of these rings instead of one paint peeling Giraffe.

Review #: 137
Date: 07 13, 2011
I read several reviews and finally decided to buy this chew toy. As soon as I received it was a total dissapointment. My twins didn't like it, it smells strong and the worst part, it looks like a dog chew toy, even the sound it makes. My dogs became crazy for this toy, and even though they are wonderful around my babies, i was terrified thinking they could jump over the babies trying to grab it.  I'm returning it now.

Review #: 138
Date: 08 5, 2013
Ink came out of the giraffe's eye and body when I washed it - not only on the first time. It makes an annoying sound when squeezed and my babe doesn't even like it. Sucks.

Review #: 139
Date: 03 24, 2010
Angela likes the sound of this toy and likes to take it's top in her mouth. It's a very elegand looking and pleasant toy. She likes it more than her other teether toys I've got her from Babies RS.

Review #: 140
Date: 11 9, 2013
Sophie rocks! I was skeptical at first thinking it was a little expensive for just a teething giraffe.  My son loves it!  He chews on every inch of Sophie and provides relief and comfort when those nasty teeth come in.  He also loves the squeaker.

Review #: 141
Date: 12 8, 2012
I think this is a must for anyone with a teething baby. Perfect size and my baby loves sophie, he can fit different parts in his mouth easily

Review #: 142
Date: 04 22, 2014
Paint peeling off just a month later. I paid a lot of money for this overpriced dog toy, so I had hoped for better quality, especially with all the hype surrounding it. But my son loves it, so he will have his silly, blank giraffe for a while, I guess.

Review #: 143
Date: 12 11, 2013
This is a glorified dog toy, it feels like one, it squeaks like one, I thought it was something special from all of the good reviews but it is not. You can buy 3x the amount of good teethers for the price. Honestly people were asking why my son had a dog toy.

Review #: 144
Date: 10 23, 2013
It is very cute and fancy, and I think I love it more than my four month-old does even when I squeeze it to make noise, he still is not that into it.  Perhaps, he may love it more when he really starts teething so we will see.  But it is definitely expensive.  I would like to receive it as a gift or give it to someone as a gift but I would not purchase it for my kid if I am on a budget crunch.

Review #: 145
Date: 08 2, 2009
My baby adores Sofie.  I almost didn't buy her, considering some of the not so great reviews.  I have to say.  YES, it does smell like rubber(probably because it IS rubber),and it does strike me as a dog toy.  However it's made to be baby safe and there is some magic to this little giraffe because my baby loves her!  She has quite a few teething toys and either doesn't like them, or seems to chew the wrong part... having a hard time handling them.  Sofie is wonderful!  I will recommend her in the future.

Review #: 146
Date: 05 31, 2010
Only after days there are corners that looks like the colors are coming off due to friction? Expect to fade, its food paints after all.  Gentle smelling. Surprise the rubber didn't turn me off.. Squeak sound is subtle, not noisy or rude, unlike some squeaky toys that startle my bb. Its really light & texture smooth & soft. Easy to grasps for small hands. I'm thinking of how it wont keep dropping on the floor.. But its beyond words how funny it looks when my bb tries to strangle Sophie for a passionate kiss haha! It really something very simple but i cant describe why babies might like them right at 1st sight. (could it be the smell?) Not cheap but worthy. Good friends you only need a few. ;) tis makes a good friend for teething.. Your baby's gonna drool at it!

Review #: 147
Date: 07 9, 2014
It's very cute . And it's very nice for baby's teeth .

Review #: 148
Date: 03 1, 2013
When I received Sophie, the paint was peeling off of its legs and spots - right out of the box. I could use my fingernail to scrape it off! This really worried me because this is a toy made to go in a babies mouth! I have 4 other friends that have Sophies and no one else had this problem. After reading reviews, I determined that I might have received a fake one. The numbers on the back leg were raised up also, unlike the ones my friends had. I returned it for a full refund.Went the next day to Babies R Us and purchased one. Paint is not peeling AT ALL and the numbers on the leg are not standing out of the rubber. Please be aware of the fakes! I would NOT recommend purchasing this product online, but buy in a trusted store so you can see it.

Review #: 149
Date: 03 27, 2011
My son has had this toy for a little over a month now and he adores it.  He loves the squeak it makes and the material seems great for a teether.  I almost didn't buy it after reading some reviews about legs getting gagging baby.  This has happened a little one time, but he was able to pull it out and hasn't done it again since.  I still keep a close eye on him when using it.

Review #: 150
Date: 06 2, 2010
I attended a mom's group meeting when my son was about 3 1/2 months old and was just starting to get his first teeth.  One of the mom's suggested Sophie, and as I looked around at least half the kids were chewing on a Sophie.I ordered one when I got home and my son LOVES it.  There are soft areas and slightly harder areas to help soothe gums.  The legs are great for him to soothe his gums in the back of his mouth.It smells a little funny when you first open it up (it's natural rubber) but the smell goes away within a couple of days.  My son is now almost 9 months old and still likes to chew on it.

Review #: 151
Date: 07 14, 2010
We were given this toy for our daughter when she was about three months old.  She loved Sophie instantly and even at 17 months she still plays with it.  The legs are very soft, but still firm enough to help with a little one teething.  Though Sophie has seen many hours of chewing she shows no signs of wearing out or coming apart.  The only thing we have noticed is that the spots and hoof coloring did start to fade with chewing.  All in all we loved getting this as it was something we would not have likely purchased on our own but have since gotten it for others for shower gifts.

Review #: 152
Date: 10 4, 2011
I received this as a baby shower gift and I wasn't thinking of reviewing it one way or another but it's listed as #1 in Baby and that surprises me, especially after reading all these reviews with people having their babies choke on the legs.  Thankfully that hasn't happened with my daughter yet, but I'm not going to take a chance.  She seems bored by Sophie anyway (she's almost 5 months old) and if it's possible she could choke on Sophie I'm going to throw it away.  Save your money, not worth it.

Review #: 153
Date: 05 30, 2014
My son LOVES this toy. With that being said, the paint started coming off pretty quickly. After 2 months the squeaker stopped working. For $20 bucks I would have liked it to last a little longer. He still chews on it, but he did enjoy the squeaker quite a bit.

Review #: 154
Date: 09 5, 2013
My daughter wasn't liking the teethers you put in the fridge, so I spent the extra money and bought her this. She LOVES it. Especially because it squeaks! =)If she starts to get fussy I give her this and she is so entertained by all the little parts she can put in her mouth. I think I will buy another!

Review #: 155
Date: 12 19, 2013
My little man LOVES chewing on this! We try to make sure he doesn't get too attached to ONE toy, but always keep Sophie nearby, just in case.

Review #: 156
Date: 01 13, 2011
A lot of people find Sophie to be way to expensive as a teether. True as that may be, of all the teethers my son has (that I've bought myself or he received as gifts) Sophie is by far his favorite. At 5 months, he actually gets excited to see her and hear her squeak. I'm not mad I paid as much as she costs. Better to have one favorite that cost almost $20, rather than 10 $5 teethers that get no love. Perfect size/shape for little hands. Spots are great visually. And all the ears, horns, etc on Sophie's head are great little nubs for baby to gum. Watch the legs as they could cause some gagging, but we've never had a problem. Love Sophie.

Review #: 157
Date: 05 16, 2014
Baby boys (7 month twins) just love this. It's one of their favorites. When they were a bit younger it wasn't as much of a hit, and they would gag on it and cause themselves to spit up.  But know they just remind me of ghe dig, happily chomping on their squeaky toy ! :)

Review #: 158
Date: 10 9, 2010
This was the one toy our son just had to have all the time. It was excellent for teething. We buy this for every friend who has a baby, truly the best teether we could find and it's totally safe too.

Review #: 159
Date: 01 19, 2009
I bought this for my son when he was 5 months old.  He LOVES it!!!!  He will spit out his pacifier to chew on Sophie.  I love knowing that it's natural and non-toxic, and I have been raving about it to anyone who will listen!  I'll be giving this as a baby gift for anyone who is expecting!!

Review #: 160
Date: 01 16, 2013
Every baby seems to have one of these and I'm not sure what the fuss is about.  My son is 9 months and has 8 teeth and is still teething.  I kept trying to get him to like it but he never did.  To me, it's just an overpriced squeeky toy.

Review #: 161
Date: 11 15, 2009
This is really perfect to get for your baby at a younger age than my 10 1/2 month old twins.  But since it wasn't expensive and both of my babies could use it, I decided better late than never.  They still put everything in their mouths and drool, so it's still great for them.This is a teether that is good for handling.  My babies pick it up and handle it more than the other teethers, and it's rubber unlike all their other teethers.  I put this one on top of other toys and it gives them something to do, moving this giraffe around, carrying it around while they crawl, and always putting in their mouths.Vulli (the giraffe's name) is fairly big.  There's a lot for a baby to work with for teether purposes.  I think this toy is worth the price, and it appears so far to be indestructible.

Review #: 162
Date: 04 3, 2009
this toy has lasted over a year now with our son.  he chews on it, pulls it, plays with it during his bath (it's a great bath toy too)our dog stole one sophie and he chewed on it and it didn't break (but i wouldn't give it to our son again).so it lasts!but they do smell even after a year.he also has the bath version which never smelled as bad as the original.

Review #: 163
Date: 07 28, 2011
my son hates this thing.  he won't use it, and to be honest, i'm glad.  no matter how much i wash it, it is retaining a nasty rubber smell that sticks on you hands when you touch&eacute; it.  i tasted it (because he won't go near it and it stinks like nasty rubber), and it tastes like nasty rubber.  seriously, N-A-S-T-Y rubber.but i'm giving it 2 stars because it's organic nasty rubber.

Review #: 164
Date: 07 10, 2012
This teether looks very cute. It sounded just like a dog toy at first but somehow the squeaker got messed up so now it barely makes any noise (which is actually kind of nice). Other than that it's held up well to him chewing on it & throwing it around. I've also scrubbed it with a sponge several times & the colors haven't rubbed off or anything. My son seems to enjoy it, but I don't think he prefers it over his other teethers/toys. It would be a great product for about $7, but the $20 price tag is much too high in my opinion.

Review #: 165
Date: 09 10, 2013
This teether is a perfect size and weight for a baby's little hands.  It's soft and very flexible.  Because no part of it is very big in diameter, it's easy for my baby to grasp and hold on to without dropping it.  The little squeak it makes is a cute addition.

Review #: 166
Date: 08 20, 2011
When I was pregnant and people told me a pricy rubber giraffe was a "must have", I thought they needed to get their priorities straight. But for the hours our baby has enjoyed it over the months, it was worth every penny!

Review #: 167
Date: 09 5, 2013
My baby loved Sophie but after reading on Vulli website certain batches have been recalled in June 2013 due to high levels of toxicity by the German manufacturer, I would not give this to your child.  Not worth taking a chance since baby puts this in mouth...

Review #: 168
Date: 11 1, 2013
This is definitely NOT a fake. When mine came in I sent the serial number and pictures to the vulli company representative that I found on their own website. She confirmed that it was a real sophie and that amazon is a verified buyer.My son loves his! He will chew on him for a long time. He was delighted when he found out it squeaked. I was nervous to buy an over priced dog toy, but it really is great!

Review #: 169
Date: 12 5, 2013
I did not purchase my Sophie from Amazon (so I cannot comment on the authenticity of the one sold by Amazon). I purchase my Sophie from a local baby store. My now 4 month old, began showing teething symptoms very early (sucking and biting at his hands and fists from an early age.. around 2 months).. I held back from introducing any teething toys until 3 months to allow him to discover and experience his hands. I kept seeing this little giraffe everywhere and finally when I searched on Amazon for &#34;teethers&#34;  this little one was top seller, I almost picked her up at the local store but hesitated due to alot of &#34;CHOKING HAZARD&#34; reviews so I was a little hesitant and decided not to get her. Finally after watching him eat at his hands and enjoy gnawing on my fingers for nearly a month, I introduced a teething ring (frozen and cold to soother) and Sophie. My husband couldn't believe he had spent $25 on a baby toy (he called it the dog toy due to its rubber aspect and squeaker). I convinced himself it was worth it, I would show Sophie to my baby and teach him all the different ways he can grab her and make he squeak.. usually lost interest in her after a few minutes and she would wind up next to him... I didn't give up! Everytime I saw him chomping on his fists I would switch them out and introduce Sophie.. 1 month later now at 4 months... HE LOVES SOPHIE AND SO DO I!!!Why I and my son love Sophie:1. She is fairly easy to grab (neck, legs, etc) and she is really light and perfect for little wobbly hands2. Her spots, colors, features seem to grab their attention3. Once they discovered how the texture feels on their gums, they will love chomping down on her4. Safe dye (made from vegetable dyes)... I Approve!5. Lots of teething... they can chew on her legs, her little butt, her ears and her mouth.6. The squeak well he cant squeak her on his own yet but I like how it distinguishes her from the rest of his toys, when she falls or gets throw to the side and he starts teething again I squeak her and hand her to him almost in reminder &#34;hey you have sophie to chew on&#34;7. He prefers Sophie over any other toys to chew on.. and has mastered the &#34;hold sophie by the neck as he devours her mouth and face... its hilarious and so adorable to watch8. I like how I can literally hear his gums rubbing on her (makes a distinct noise)and last but not least...9. He HAS NOT had any choking episodes with her thus far....She got left behind once at an Aunts house by accident, not only did my son miss sophie... but so did I!

Review #: 170
Date: 05 10, 2012
I bought this Sophie the Giraffe teether hoping my baby would use it, but he seems not so interested (he is almost 5 months). But this is such a cute giraffe. I like it a lot even though he doesn't use it. Instead, I enjoy looking at her once and a while ;) If he is going to use it I would give 5 star, but it's 4 star for now...

Review #: 171
Date: 11 17, 2013
I have to admit I didn't get the hype about Sophie especially because of the price.  But after seeing my niece and son enjoy Sophie so much I have started buying this as a baby gift for others.

Review #: 172
Date: 02 10, 2013
We pulled it out of the package and  washed it off, and my 6 month old reached for it and started chewing!  This has been a great toy/teether for her and I am pleased with the product.  It is very easy for her to hold.  I gave it 4 stars because I do think it is quite expensive for a teething toy, but the product itself is great.

Review #: 173
Date: 10 25, 2010
Of course my baby loves her easy to grab giraffe with spots (that do rub off after continued teeth action and after some detergents get onto it). I was worried that my baby would choke herself with the legs, but she hasn't... yet!

Review #: 174
Date: 01 2, 2014
Soft, easy to grab for my 11 m old. He's disabled, so it was nice to find a toy that he could hang onto more easily than others. Soothes his teething gums also. It's one of his favorite toys, if not his favorite.Only problem I have is that the ears look a bit worn, as if someone bought, used and returned it.P.S. DON'T RINSE UNDER WATER. It will stop squeaking. Thankfully After wacking it several times, I got the microscopic amount of water dislodged. It squeaks just fine again. Read instruction manual.

Review #: 175
Date: 03 28, 2014
This is a very cute teether/toy for infants.  It has a nice smell and feel to it.  This has been around for DECADES and I just had to get it for my grandbaby to see what all the fuss was about.  I still don't understand why it has such a high price.  But, my grandson did really like chewing on all parts of Sophie.  I liked it because I like giraffes and she is kinda cute.

Review #: 176
Date: 02 21, 2009
I highly recommend Sophie-- our son loves her! He smiles every time we hand her to him. She has many surfaces that are great for chewing (and he chews a lot): feet, ears, neck and face. She's very durable and easy to keep clean. The high contrast spots are visually appealing. And it's nice that it's natural rubber. This reminds me of a product that might have been around when we were little, which is refreshing nowadays with the plethora of battery-driven, light-up toys, etc.

Review #: 177
Date: 12 27, 2012
I found this for such a screaming deal on Amazon, and  got it for my little Sofie just before she was born.  She liked it, but the squeaky noise was so loud that unfortunately the dog loved it just as much as her so he would grab it out of her hands to chew on it whenever she would play with it, so I had to put it up when we were at the house because I did not want the dog to jump all over her!  Definitely good for car rides though.  If you have a dog that loves squeaky toys, then you will need to buy two, one for the baby and one for the dog!

Review #: 178
Date: 11 29, 2011
My daughter has been using Sophie since she was 6 months old, she's now 9 months old.  She generally enjoys using Sophie as a teether but not necessarily more than other teethers we have.  We got a couple of very funky looking but effective teethers she likes as well.  My daughter likes to chew, not just for teething so Sophie has worked out well.As noted, Sophie is made of all natural rubber and food paint.  This is very important as you'll notice the paint rubbing off with use.  It is a squeaker, so expect a little noise when used.Also, some parents have noted the choking hazard with Sophie's leg (I think it's her left forefront leg, the straight one).  It's a little worriesome but as with babies in general, they should be monitored including when playing with Sophie.

Review #: 179
Date: 12 11, 2013
Very cute, safe, soft & used through teething. Very good purchase. Buy one for your infant or for baby gifts. Nice size for little hands. It was used daily for a long time,

Review #: 180
Date: 07 4, 2012
A friend bought Sophie off our registry and our son LOVED her.  He started teething around 4 months and this was his go to teether.  She is easy to hold and easy to just throw into the diaper bag and bring with you EVERYWHERE.

Review #: 181
Date: 11 15, 2009
I got this toy as a shower gift when I was pregnant with my son.  I had no clue what it was, and was surprised to see it at the top of bestseller/wish lists.  I didn't get the hype at all, and I put it in the back of the nursery closet and forgot about it.My son is now 6 1/2 months old, and though he's not cutting teeth, he's in the middle of the drooling-putting-everything-in-his-mouth phase.  We have several teether toys, and he'll play with them, but not for very long.  Most of them are too hard or heavy, even though they're supposed to be teethers.  We were sitting in the den playing yesterday morning, and my son once again put his teether toy to his mouth a little too quickly, and bumped himself and started crying.  Somehow, I randomly thought of the Sophie teether, went and found it and washed it.OMG......my son has never taken to a toy like this!  The entire giraffe is soft, so he can beat away on just about anything, including himeself, and he's fine!  The toy has a lot more give then traditional plastic teether toys, so he really feels like he's chewing on something, which is what he wanted to begin with!  There is definitely a smell to it, and the package will tell you that as well....but it hasn't been a problem thus far.  I only noticed it when I first took it out of the packaging.Anyway, to sum it up, I absolutely love this teether, and so does my son!  He can hold it, chew on it, you name it.  The ONLY thing I wish it had was some way to attach rings to it so I could attach it to his chair/seat/etc.  It's already been thrown onto a restaurant floor!  However, it's super easy to clean!  I highly recommend it!

Review #: 182
Date: 06 29, 2009
Sophie was a lifesaver when our son was teething.She is super soft real rubber.  I am glad she is safe rubber to chew on, not plastic.  With her long legs, she can be used to bite way back in the mouth for relief. He really liked her.  The only complaint is she is a bit expensive!

Review #: 183
Date: 09 17, 2012
I was offset by the price with this item. After talking to some other moms who raved about this and I read the reviews I figured I'd put forth the money and really test it out. Wow am I pleased I did. Sophie is worth every penny. My son (4 months) loves her and loves to chew on her front leg with his back gums. I was shocked at how much he plays and chews on her. I baby sat a friends child (1 year) and her daughter found Sophie and wouldn't put it down. She loved her so much that her mom spent the money and got one herself. Sophie is durable and well put together. I've washed it a number of times and it still looks brand new.

Review #: 184
Date: 04 24, 2014
Bought this for my nephew, he doesn't play with it too much but I have seen him chewing on it, so I guess that is what it is for!

Review #: 185
Date: 12 29, 2013
Of all her toys, my granddaughter loves her Sophie. It's adorable, totally chewable, and safe. Buy one and you'll see what I mean.

Review #: 186
Date: 01 1, 2014
It's pretty pricey for a teether, so we made this a Christmas gift. I still remember these from when I was a kid and was curious how my (teething) daughter would like it. She loves it so far - happily sits and gnaws on the giraffe's hooves and entertained herself with it for a good portion of a long car ride over the holidays. It does smell like rubber, but she doesn't seem to mind. I'm not saying this is indispensable as a teether, just that if you don't mind spending the money, you probably won't be disappointed.

Review #: 187
Date: 06 15, 2014
I have read a lot of these reviews that say they got a fake, or their baby has choked on this. I can see where a baby can easily gag on this toy but for me that is not much of a concern. I don't generally give my daughter toys to chew on when she's on her belly and she gags on her own fingers/hands more than anything. As far as this being a counterfeit product....the Sophie I received was the real deal. My 4 month old daughter is just working on being able to chew on this herself but seems to love it!

Review #: 188
Date: 10 5, 2013
Definitely worth the money and stands up to all the hype. I still feel it is a little over priced for what it is, but my baby loves it and it was withstood A TON of chews : ) I like that it's made of natural products and is easy to clean, my baby loves how it feels on her sore gums. Would have given a 5 star review if it was a few dollars cheaper.

Review #: 189
Date: 12 3, 2012
This is a great toy for my 4 month old granddaughter.  It is her &#34;go to&#34; and &#34;in the mouth&#34; toy.  It is durable and sturdy.

Review #: 190
Date: 11 8, 2013
This it's the kind of toy that will never gets old, even if your baby it's more than one year old, the sound when you squeeze it will get he's attention ..  easy to keep clean, indestructible, cheap .. what else you could ask ..  yes way keep attached to he's hand when he start to throw all away as fun game.

Review #: 191
Date: 07 17, 2013
I thought this was way over priced and resisted buying but now that my little one is teething I was desperate to find something that would cheer him so went ahead and ordered- the reviews were right- baby loves this thing for some reason- glad i got it.

Review #: 192
Date: 03 31, 2012
My 5.5 month old just loves his sophie. He will chew on it all day long. I did notice, as other reviewers mentioned, that the paint is starting to rub off a little in the places he chews the most.Also, I was thankful to read the reviews on the choking hazard, so I can be extra careful in the future when letting him play with her on his tummy.

Review #: 193
Date: 01 18, 2011
I wish I could give this product more than 5 stars. My daughter does not like any other teether I have tried to give her. Sophie the Giraffe goes with us everywhere. I love the vintage charm as well.

Review #: 194
Date: 11 3, 2011
My baby loves it so much, and my dog loves it so much! It is very cute and soft, but it does have a strong rubber odor. I guess its fine since it is all natural but I did want to mention that.

Review #: 195
Date: 11 28, 2013
Granddaughter liked it but didn't love it.  I think it's probably very good for teething, but it wasn't one of her favorites.

Review #: 196
Date: 05 21, 2012
This item is the most excellent item for a teething baby. My 5 month old grandaughter has been experiencing quite a large amount of pain for over a month now and "Sophie" really is her new best friend! The structure of this item allows her to grab any portion of the item and move it into her mouth for teething pain relief. She was so excited the first time she squeezed Sophie and she squeeked! The material of the giraffe is soft and smooth and works wonders for teething pain. I need to buy 2 more in case the first one ever ends up lost!

Review #: 197
Date: 07 29, 2013
My 4 month old son is pre-teething. I picked up a teething ring and teething beads but my son was not quite interested in them. He loves Sophie and it keeps him engaged for a while. Our pediatrician also recommended this product.

Review #: 198
Date: 02 21, 2011
Because he can fit the legs in the mouth. I waited on ordering this because of the bad reviews about the legs being dangerous but decided I'd try it and just watch him. I don't see any safety issues. My son likes this because he can easily get the legs into his mouth, and the back where he wants to chew.

Review #: 199
Date: 12 11, 2011
Much to my dismay, my then 5 month old was able to gnaw off the rubber atop Sophie's head.  I really wanted this product to be a keeper for my daughter but after finding the rubber particles on her lips and then being able to rub more the material myself, I had to take the toy away (she wasn't too happy) and come up with new teething relief..

Review #: 200
Date: 01 15, 2014
My son absolutely loved his Sophie, which we received as a baby shower gift.  He used it as a teether and toy from only a few months old, all the way to 2-years.  Sophie did get a little dirty over time, but she cleaned up well.The rubber stood up to a lot of abuse without marking, scratching, or breaking at all... and the squeaker has lasted over thousands of squeaks and is still going strong.I would definitely recommend this to any parents of new babies looking for a safe teether that baby will love.

Review #: 201
Date: 08 15, 2010
I'm not usually this gullible, but based on the reviews and the fact that literally everybody with a baby seems to have one of these, I took the plunge and coughed up the outrageous amount of money for this glorified dog toy.  My son is mildly interested in it, as a squeak toy, but the only reason it goes into his mouth is purely by coincidence.  Everything ends up in his mouth eventually anyway.To add insult to injury, ours has a funny smell too.  Maybe it's the smell of stupidity.  I feel like a total fool for buying this.  I will probably try to redeem my self respect by inventing the next stupid baby toy and using my newfound amazon wish list marketing tactics to become a gazillionaire.  Take that Sophie!

Review #: 202
Date: 05 12, 2011
Great product.... one minute there noise the next silence. This is a magical thing. It keeps my daughters attention and allows me to have a moment of silence.

Review #: 203
Date: 07 16, 2013
My grand daughter loves hers.  She played with it as soon as she could grasp and now teeths like crazy with it.  We carry it wherever we go and use it as a car toy.  So I bought another for her best friend.

Review #: 204
Date: 03 19, 2014
I had Sophie with my 29 month old when he was a baby and now his 4.5 month old brother is enjoying her. I think they didn't really start to play with her until 4 months old, but she's a big hit for teething.Two Notes:1. If you have dogs you NEED to be careful where this gets left. This is a highly appealing toy to dogs due to how awesome it squeaks.2. Do not submerge in water or the squeak stops working for a while. I think we got water in it once trying to clean it and it stopped squeaking- BUT it eventually dried out and squeaks fine again. I think the bigger issue might be mold because there is a little hole in it so it's a possibility.

Review #: 205
Date: 04 12, 2011
This is not just cute but my 4 month old smiles every time it squeeks. He started to grab things better now and love this one and of course the first thing is to get it in his mouth. Love the giraffe neck because it give him the ability to hold it. Very nice product!

Review #: 206
Date: 10 12, 2012
My son hates it.  I purchased it because 'everybody has one' and it is cute.  At 9 mos old he has 8 teeth and has never used this teether.  It would be a great gift to give someone but don't feel pressure to purchase for your child, at over $20 it's not worth it in my opinion.  Sure some kids love it but my child is fine with a $4 silicone toothbrush or $3 ring teether.

Review #: 207
Date: 12 10, 2013
Great toy for the teething baby/toddler. It is easy cleanup - although you don't want to get water in the hole that makes the squeak or it wont work right until thoroughly dried. Nice that it is natural product too. Our toddler still plays with it sometimes.

Review #: 208
Date: 03 1, 2012
Yes, it's crazy that such a simple toy is pricey, but it's a classic. Simple but effective. Safe and easy to clean. My son enjoys chewing on it and it's one toy that always travels with us.  What more can I add to the reviews? It's a toy/teether that will probably please most babies so it's a GREAT baby shower gift idea.  Just make sure that you give a gift receipt with Sophie, in case the mommy/daddy-to-be already got one!Cons? You may have a moldy Sophie after a while.  This happened to my sister who had to get a new one for her second child. Also, be ready to see Sophie's spots (and facial features) disappear as your little one licks away at the baby-safe food paint. Yes, I've seen Sophie without a face!  She's still cute, but strangely bare.

Review #: 209
Date: 04 10, 2014
This is just a baby preference thing. Neither of my boys cared for it, no matter how much I tried to squeak it and make it interesting or chew-worthy. They preferred chewing on baby toothbrush teethers.

Review #: 210
Date: 03 31, 2010
I decided to order this after seeing this was the #1 most popular baby item on Amazon and #1 on new moms' wish lists on Amazon...wanted to see what the Sophie-hype was all about. My son loves Sophie! She rocks! My son will be turning 7 months old next week and just wants to chew on anything he can get his hands on. Sophie is the first thing he reaches for in his toy basket. Sophie is easy for him to grab and hold onto by her long neck or legs, and she is really soft! Very easy for my son to chew on, and he loves her little squeak! Gets a smile out of him every time!I don't really notice a rubbery smell to Sophie as other reviewers have mentioned. If anything, it is very, very faint. I really like that Sophie is made of safe, non-toxic materials and is BPA-free. I am really glad I went ahead and bought Sophie....she's well worth the money for a great teething toy!

Review #: 211
Date: 06 21, 2013
At two months, my LO discovered her hands and would shoved practically her entire fist into her mouth, making herself gag.  At the same time, she was drooling excessively.  Being a first time mom, I looked it up, and it said it was just normal baby stuff...Until she hit three months... There it was, a tooth right beneath the surface.I read about Sophie, but like so many others, definitely did not want to drop that much on a simple teether!So I spent the money buying all the cheaper teethers, that ended up costing a boatload of money anyways... Only to discover they were way too heavy, too bulky, too awkward for my 3 month old to hold, let alone maneuver to her mouth... What a waste of money!  Not to mention they were probably made in China anyways, and who knows what they're made of!  Bottom line?  She didn't touch a single one!A mama's got to do what a mama's got to do... I went and splurge on both these and the vulli teething rings.As soon as Sophie got into her hands, she went to town with it!  Chewing at its face and ears!  It's light enough for her to hold and maneuver, if it hits her face, she doesn't even bat an eye because it's soft, she gets such pleasure chewing it; she even yells at it because she can't eat it!  Too funny!Don't look at the price tag and be scared!  It's so worth it!  My 10 month old niece who has both her bottoms and is working on her top teeth steals my LO every chance she gets, but she goes for the legs!Cons- the price still throws me off... But... I spent more money on finding a 'cheaper' way out, which ended up costing more... So not really a con...But... After only two weeks of light use.. The 'paint' is already rubbing off...Still worth it IMO, as she really enjoys it.*i will be writing reviews for most of my babies stuff!*

Review #: 212
Date: 03 5, 2013
We got this little giraffe as a gift from a friend who married a Frenchman. I've never heard of it before, but apparently it's a cultural icon of sorts in France. It is a neat little that helps babies with teething, motor skills and in all sorts of other little ways. Sure enough, our baby new exactly what to do with it once he got a hold of little Sophie. He started biting her and mauling her in the most savage ways imaginable, and Sophie took all of it in stride without blinking an eye (literally).So far the toy seems well made and durable. I don't think that there is a material object known to man that can in a long run withstand everything that infants can do to it, but with that caveat in place I am very happy with the quality of this teething toy. Would definitely recommend it to other parents out there.

Review #: 213
Date: 12 9, 2013
My daughter is 6 months but isn't crazy about Sophie seems like she would rather chew in something with texture

Review #: 214
Date: 11 7, 2010
Our 7-month old loves this teether.  There are a lot of soft areas to chew on.  My boy prefers the feet and ears.

Review #: 215
Date: 05 22, 2014
Our 11-week old son smiles every time Sophie squeaks. Our 8-year old loves making Sophie dance and squeak for her little brother. Mom and dad love how easy Sophie is to clean.

Review #: 216
Date: 12 30, 2010
Sophie was a great buy for my infant! I had read reviews saying she was 'over-priced' and 'just a glorified dog toy,' but I'm so glad I didn't listen to them. Yes, it squeaks like a dog toy, but that teaches your baby cause & effect! It's also great for teething w/o looking like a teether. Yes, some of the FOOD GRADE (so no worries, parents, it's safe) paint came off on the ears and hooves where she chewed it, but that was expected. Just made me feel good that she liked it so much. Yes, it seems pricey, but I fully believe it was well worth the money. I will be getting Sophies as gifts for any baby showers I attend. It's a must have. I also love that she comes with a little story and everything. :)

Review #: 217
Date: 08 5, 2011
We purchased Sophie for our 6 month old.  He started cutting teeth a few weeks ago and has been cranky...that is until we bought Sophie.  He loves to hear her squeak, which happens quite easily.  One gentle touch and she makes some noise.  It's a sweet squeak though...not like a dog toy.  She is made of super soft rubber, which my son loves to chew.  She is small enough to grab and get a good grip, but it seems my son always shoves her legs into his mouth too far and he gags.  Not Sophie's fault!  Although I was reluctant to spend this much on a teething toy, it keeps my son happy and entertained, even when he's not chewing on it.

Review #: 218
Date: 01 30, 2013
I hesitated to buy this since I didn't like the idea of my son eating a giraffe...then someone recommended it. Needless to say, he's in love with Sophie! I actually feel for Sophie who is so used!

Review #: 219
Date: 07 9, 2010
We love Sophie!  Better yet, our daughter just adores her!  Sophie has now lost some of her paint due to the chewing and sucking that our baby has done but the rubber is nice and sturdy and there's no damage to the body.  I inspect it regularly and it is nice and solid.  We regularly hear rubber creaking sounds when little Sophie is being mauled but she doesn't complain.  I will be buying Sophie for all of our baby-producing friends and family!  LOL

Review #: 220
Date: 07 20, 2010
My baby has played with her giraffe since she was 3 months old. It's her favorite and she smiles whenever she sees or hears it. The long legs and neck are easy to grasp and the feet fit in her mouth. It's softer than the plastic toys out there and smells faintly sweet. My baby (now 5 months) does get tired of it after a while - it doesn't satisfy her sucking desires quite as much as her pacifier. Baby's other favorite toys right now are her pacifier and washcloths.

Review #: 221
Date: 08 26, 2011
I received this as a baby shower gift and had never heard of it before. Imagine my surprise when I see it's the #1 seller on amazon baby! My son didn't take much interest in it at all until 4 months or so when he started getting his first teeth. It is very easy for him to grasp and bring up to his mouth to chew on. He especially loves chewing on the feet. However it is not usually the toy he reaches for, and shows so much more interest in other things. I know many moms and babies love it, and it is very high quality, but I would have never payed for it myself. And the dog thinks it's a a dog toy because it squeeks, so that is just kind of gross.

Review #: 222
Date: 12 12, 2013
Sophie was given to me as a baby shower gift for my first son. Being a first time parent, I had never heard of Sophie, and I thought it was some cheapo baby toy my friend purchased at the discount store. I was stunned when browsing Amazon Baby's Best Seller list to find Sophie at the top, with a hefty price tag for a baby teether.  Surely, this must be the ultimate baby teether.My first son didn't care for Sophie at all. I repeatedly tried to engage him with it, but every time he disregarded by throwing poor Sophie on the floor and chewing on something else instead. I thought Sophie was overrated.My second son was born two years later, and Sophie was still in near perfect condition, so I brought her out for my new baby boy. He loved Sophie. She is easy to grasp, has perfect feet to chew on, and even makes a squeeky sound if squeezed just right.So, I like Sophie. I probably wouldn't recommend it as a &#34;must buy&#34; as babies chew on pretty much anything. The best teething toy for us was actually a handmade wooden ring on a necklace that I wore. But this toy is considered a classic... so if you are into that sort of thing, go for it.

Review #: 223
Date: 05 29, 2011
When I first saw this I thought it was ridiculous to pay that much for something that is just going to be chewed on and covered in drool, but my baby loves Sophie. I got it at my baby shower, but I would buy another if anything ever happened to the one we have now. It is one toy that always goes with us out and about. The legs are perfect gripping size and she loves to gnaw on the hooves. I could do without the squeaker, but it's not annoying, just seems sort of pointless. I think I get more of a kick out of the squeaker when playing with her than my baby does. Would highly recommend, great teether.

Review #: 224
Date: 06 18, 2011
This toy makes my baby giggle. The happy face, materials and pleasing squeak add to it's usefulness as a teether. The legs make good handles and they can help baby reach the back teeth. Wonderful toy.

Review #: 225
Date: 11 17, 2012
My daughter is almost 5 months old and she loves Sophie!One of the best things about Sophie is that she is easy to hold onto (both because of the shape and texture).  My daughter especially loves to chew on Sophie's horns and ears, and also her face.  My daughter likes to use her legs for holding onto her; not usually for chewing.Also, Sophie squeaks!  I didn't realize she was a squeaky toy until I pulled her out of her box.Our dog is very interested in Sophie, too.  Whenever I squeak Sophie for my daughter, the dog really perks up.  I'm going to have to be careful not to leave Sophie out, because I think our dog would probably claim her if I'm not careful.Highly recommended!  This is a great teething toy!

Review #: 226
Date: 05 29, 2013
My nine month old is super picky about what he will teeth with, but even when he won't put it in his mouth, he still likes to play with it.

Review #: 227
Date: 10 20, 2008
Worth the price for peace of mind re: safety. Baby loves it, small and light enough for her to grasp and squeeze.

Review #: 228
Date: 01 15, 2014
After hearing such wonderful things about this teether, I finally ordered it. I didn't know that it was rubber and feels like a dog toy. It squeaks like one too. I got it when my baby was 6 months old and right in the middle of teething. She didn't really care about it. Yes it's easy to hold on to (neck and legs) but other than that I don't get the hype.

Review #: 229
Date: 11 1, 2010
Sophie is a great toy that can be used for a long time. My baby started playing with it at 2 mos, he is now almost 5 and still loves her. She has different parts that are thick or thin, and my baby absolutely goes crazy for her nose. Her spots are fun to look at, and she has many limbs and a thin neck that can be grabbed by little hands. The squeak noise always makes him smile, but it's not so loud you can't use it in public! Some people complain about the rubber smell but it didn't bother me and it has noticeably lessened over time. Obviously  my baby didn't care because she was in his mouth without a second thought. She is sturdy and I appreciate the fact she is safe for baby. Everyone loves this toy for a reason!

Review #: 230
Date: 06 12, 2014
Over rated!  Much better chew toys out there.  This is an overpriced dog toy.  It's not even that great for teething.  Don't waste your money.

Review #: 231
Date: 02 16, 2013
We received this as a baby shower gift. Our son started using it to chew on around 4 months, but didn't get any teeth until around 8 months. He just liked to gum it. He mainly enjoyed the legs, but chewed on the head some too. Now, at 18 months, he really just squeaks it, but doesn't chew on it much. He hasn't used a teether for 6 months or more at this point. Sophie is a great teether, but other teethers worked for us too. We liked these from the same company as well:Vulli 2 Pack Vanilla Flavored Ring Teethe, Colors May Vary. Happy teething!

Review #: 232
Date: 10 19, 2013
I admit, I didn't get Sophie the Giraffe at first when my mom insisted I had to get it for my baby daughter.  It was a fancy squeaky teether and that was that.Well, I get it now.  Babies love Sophie.  My baby loves Sophie.This little giraffe is absolutely darling.  Cute face, adorable spots, just one sweet package.And the squeaking.  This thing squeaks if you look at it hard enough, so my daughter loves to bite on the head, body, etc.  The rubber is nice and soft and great for little gums.My own complaint is the paint.  No, I'm not worried about it being harmful to my baby, but having purchased two different Sophies (one at a store, one here on Amazon) and having both fade eventually does cause me to frown.  I get this is the nature of the dye, but it does keep this from being perfect.

Review #: 233
Date: 12 11, 2013
Sophie is the new fad!! My 10 month old loves chewing on the ears. We take Sophie wherever we go! I've read reviews about the legs being a possible choking hazard, but as long as the baby is being supervised, there are no issues.

Review #: 234
Date: 09 8, 2013
My daughter loves this giraffe. She is always holding onto it and squeezing it and chewing on her legs and face. Definitely a good purchase. Has a loud squeak though!

Review #: 235
Date: 02 2, 2014
My son started teething at 8 weeks old and it was difficult to find something that he could hold easily, and keep his attention.. This fit the bill and then some. I honestly think this should be in every going home package from the hospital or midwife when you have a baby. It's a MUST HAVE! My son is now 20 months old and has lost interest in her teething ability unless he is really struggling with his molars, however she gets lots of use as a zoo animal running across our coffee table when he sees fit. :)Only con I could come up with would be that she squeaks, but honestly if you have ever had a dog that had a favorite squeaky toy, it is no different and I much prefer the squeaking to any screaming that a teething child can produce. Also, word to the wise, When washing her (by hand of course) be sure to keep your index finger on the squeaky hole as water will get in causing the squeak to not work for a while and possibly introducing the possibility of mold in her cavity... But if that is the only maintenance on something my son loves so much... I'll take it.

Review #: 236
Date: 08 8, 2012
I had heard/read great things about this product so I decided to cough up the bucks and buy it.  My son (and husband for that matter) really like this toy.To note though, I did not realize that Sophie is essentially a squeaky toy-- I am worried that our dog will get a hold of it and use it for herself!

Review #: 237
Date: 12 28, 2012
We received this as a gift for our 5 month old daughter and she loves it! From the second she got it on Christmas it was in her mouth and she was chewing away. We had thought to buy this for our first daughter but couldn't see spending almost $20 on a teether, but now we are wishing we had! I'm not sure what exactly it is about it that my daughter loves but it doesn't really matter. It occupies her hands and helps with her teething pain and that is all that really matters.

Review #: 238
Date: 01 7, 2014
This giraffe is very cute, and I'm sure my daughter would have loved it. But as soon as I received the item (purchased from Dainty Baby) I followed the directions to wash the item with soapy water and a washcloth, and the paint started rubbing off (and I've since read about the same thing happening in other reviews). Whether it's safe (food dye?) paint or not, I'm not comfortable my baby ingesting anything from a toy.

Review #: 239
Date: 04 28, 2012
I was extremely skeptical about buying a $25 teething toy shaped like a giraffe. But since the price was around $17 here on Amazon, I decided to give it a try. I'm glad I did! I didn't want to believe it, but there is just something about this giraffe teether that babies love! I have a 6 month old, and my son LOVES chewing on Sophie's head especially. He finds this toy scattered among his millions of other toys and totes it around the house when he's crawling around. Still can't believe I spent $17 on it, but it was well worth it!

Review #: 240
Date: 02 21, 2010
It is soft, flexible, great for teething baby.  My grandson loves it! He started teething at an early age. Some teethers are too hard.  This one is perfecr!

Review #: 241
Date: 01 5, 2013
I hesitated to buy this because it was such a high price for a simple toy, but after hearing so many great things, I decided to order for my little guy.  He LOVES it!  It is one of his favorite toys, and was worth every penny!  I will definitely keep it in mind for friends family members who have babies.  It would make a great gift.

Review #: 242
Date: 06 23, 2009
My 4-month old was smitten from the get-go.  I had procrastinated getting this toy b/c of the cost, but I was relieved that it became an instant favorite with my baby.  Easy to grasp, cute squeak, and drool-worthy.

Review #: 243
Date: 04 7, 2014
My son loves this. Now that he's teething this has been his, and my go to item for him. It's such a timeless toy, and it's suitable for both sexes. No complaints here.

Review #: 244
Date: 04 22, 2012
I was so excited to see this product on Amazon cheaper than the store.  I was holding off because of the high price.  I bought this when my daughter was 3 months.  She didn't quite use it or pay it any mind the first month, but at 4 months she was very interested in it.  She loves the squeak, the ability to chew on it, hold it with one hand and swing it all over. My daughter is enjoying it to this day at 6 months. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because the product does not expel the water it sucks in during cleaning.  It's like it gets a cold and sounds awful when squeezed.  I now give it a hot sponge bath to clean instead of submerging. Yes, I would recommend.

Review #: 245
Date: 10 24, 2011
All our friends bought this little giraffe and talked about how wonderful it was non-stop. We didn't see what the big deal was about it and sometimes made fun of it. Eventually we caved in and learned the magic of Sophie. Our daughter loves it, especially when she's irritated,sleeping, hungry, or teething. Unlike most squeaker toys, this one is very soft and has a cute squaker. It's a must have for every baby shower gift.

Review #: 246
Date: 07 23, 2013
The fact that this toy is natural rubber is unique amongst baby toys; most are plastic, silicone, or cloth. My baby occasionally chews on it and likes when we make it squeak, but as far as living up to the hype (and the cost), I wasn't really impressed. She is currently 8 months old and we've had this toy since she was 4 months old.

Review #: 247
Date: 04 23, 2014
This is THE best gift you can give a new mother.  Babies love her and she is indispensable during the teething process.

Review #: 248
Date: 06 12, 2010
My daughter loves chewing on this.  We have other teethers that vibrate, are supposed to be chilled, or have other features that would seem to be more soothing, but she loves this one.I would have given this 5 stars if it were not for the following:1. It smelled strongly of rubber for quite some time2. Some of the paint on the ears and feet seems to have been chewed off.  The description indicates that the paint is "food paint" so I'm hoping my daughter's consumption of this is not harmful.

Review #: 249
Date: 06 19, 2009
We bought the "Sophie the Giraffe" toy a couple months ago and it quickly turned into one of our baby boy's favorite toys. Our purchase was based on a friend's recommendation. She said the little toy was great for kids going through teething and was made of natural materials that wouldn't harm the baby. Well, he didn't have any teeth at the time, but the giraffe headed straight for his mouth. He seemed to want to force the whole head into his mouth, but sometimes he'd be satisfied with only one or two legs. I think he likes the feel of it, much better than some of the other toys.Well, now (eight months) he has two lower front teeth and Sophie seems to come in for extra chewing. Every once in a while she, she emits a squeek or two. This is a great toy. It's somewhat expensive, but a bunch of cheap, less expensive toys that our boy ignores are actually more expensive when you think of it.Gary Peterson

Review #: 250
Date: 01 28, 2011
Is it worth it?  With so many inexpensive teethers on the market in all shapes and sizes, why is this one so popular?  Yes, it's trendy.  Yes, the celebrities all have these for their babies.  Yes, it's European.  But is it really worth the price for your baby?That's the question I've been asking myself ever since receiving Vulli Sophie the Giraffe as a gift from a well-meaning (and much-hipper-than-I-am) friend.  My answer is a qualified "yes."  Here are the benefits.  This teether is several inches tall, making it larger than many other teethers.  Also, it has a lot of appendages (four legs and a long neck).  These features make it easy for my uncoordinated baby to hold on to this teether.  That's a big benefit.  Also, the shape of the legs and head result in a variety of teething choices.  My baby prefers to grip the teether by the legs and to chew on the giraffe's ears or nose.  I've seen other babies who prefer to chew on the front or back legs.  One baby I know even prefers to chew on the giraffe's rump.  With so many choices, your baby is bound to discover one that she/he likes.  Additionally, the teether makes a squeaky sound when squeezed (think about a traditional dog squeaky toy).  My baby likes this sound (as do my dogs).  Finally, the all-rubber surface of this teether makes it easy to clean.  These are the benefits.Here are the downsides.  The rubber on this teether is a bit stinky and definitely has a taste that my baby isn't thrilled about.  She's willing to put up with it, but I can tell that the taste isn't as pleasant to her as that of some of her other teethers.  Also, this teether doesn't have any rough patches or bumps, and those bumps are soothing to babies with serious teething going on.  Finally, this teether costs double or triple what other teethers cost, and that's a big downside if you're buying this for your own baby.  So, weigh the pros against the cons and make a decision if this teether is right for you.

Review #: 251
Date: 08 3, 2013
This giraffe is soft and bendable.  My grandson likes to chew on his nose and feet along with the ears, and horns.  The ears and horns, his favorite place, are just the right size for bringing relief to his gums.

Review #: 252
Date: 08 27, 2011
My 6 month old got Sophie when she was a little over two months old and, quite frankly, wasn't at all interested in her. But by 5 months when the drooling started in earnest and everything went to her mouth, she realized Sophie is wonderful! She loves the squeak toy aspect though it does confuse our poor dog since it sounds like a dog toy. But the squeaky kisses Sophie gives my girl brings laughter and smiles every time. Well worth the price but certainly order this from Amazon as it costs $5-6 more at Babies 'R Us!

Review #: 253
Date: 06 17, 2011
The best $20 you'll spend. I have yet to meet a child who doesn't love Sophie. I nearly passed out when I saw the price for a teething toy, but now I can't imagine living with this.

Review #: 254
Date: 02 19, 2014
Grandson has been playing with this for months.  Now it's a great teething toy. Easy to keep clean and he loves the squeaks.

Review #: 255
Date: 10 4, 2012
I bought this toy for my daughter and she never really liked it that much. It was OK, but she did not favor it over any of her other toys. She was a late teether, getting her first two teeth at almost a year old, so that may be why. Sophie stopped squeaking after a few months of light use. Although my daughter was not crazy about it, her baby friend picked it up on a play date and loved it. Just like so many other things, this is another thing that I think some babies adore and others could care less about. I found out my child prefers frozen waffles as teethers!

Review #: 256
Date: 07 7, 2014
We gave Sophie to our kid when he was 4 months and he still loves it. Loves to chew on the giraffe in all possible ways. Probably not his favorite but he nibbles on it quite often whenever he feels like biting on something,

Review #: 257
Date: 04 15, 2011
My daughter loves this, she chews on it as she's still teething and loves it.  She's never had issues with the long legs, but just in case, I don't give it to her when she's in the car.  If she wants something then, I give her the mushroom - Vulli Chan Pie Gnon Soft Chew Toy, Pink

Review #: 258
Date: 04 8, 2011
This is a soft toy.  Baby likes to chew on it.  She likes the squeaker, I would not mind it without the squeaker.  It is easy for baby to grab onto.  I would purchase again and would recommend to friends.

Review #: 259
Date: 05 5, 2010
Sophie has become a bug part of our family.  She sleeps with my baby, travels to different countries with the family and entertains our little man for hours.  She is easy to clean and disenfect.  Our baby likes to suck and gum the heck out of Sophie.  At first when we got this toy I wondered why someone would send us a dog toy, but your baby just loves her.  I would highly recommend this simple toy to any parents and baby.

Review #: 260
Date: 06 27, 2014
I have received this as a gift from a good friend of mine who has 2 children now and who is always on top of market trends for children'stuff. I was initially surprised about the vintage look of the toy and the old fashioned style of the material. It looked just a simple piece of rubber to me but I thought that my friend should know better about baby toys...Just out of curiosity I've researched into Amazon and once again I was amazed to find 3000...reviews on this toy. I have paid special attention to the reviews that commented on the dangerous side of Sophie. After that I would just say&#62; I would not buy this toy if I had the chance since the comments on chocking situations are enough for me to avoid it and like another reviewer said, why take the chance?...On the other hand the excesive amount of reviews made me understand that the popularity of this toy is just a matter of fashion, &#34;the thing of the moment&#34; since sincerely there's nothing outstanding about Sophie to make such a fuzz about it. Bottom line...I wont let my baby play with it.

Review #: 261
Date: 06 27, 2011
My daughter loves sophie!! As soon as it arrived my 7 month old(at the time) would not put it down.  She held on to sophie for hours! We have had sophie for over a month now and it is still one of my daughter's favorite toys!

Review #: 262
Date: 06 25, 2011
My 8 month old son just received Sophie and absolutely loves her! So does my husband and the dog too! More than just a teether, my son loves to shake Sophie around just to hear her squeak! I let him take Sophie to his crib for nap time but had to take her away as he was just having way too much fun playing with her. Get one!

Review #: 263
Date: 11 1, 2013
My aunt bought us this for our first girl, and both she and our now 1 year old loved it.  They can chew on the legs, bend them and the neck - and since it is durable but all natural we had no fear of choking or other issues.  This is also very easy to wash off in the sink since it gets chewed on a lot.

Review #: 264
Date: 04 22, 2010
I love this! My son started teething @ 3 months old & didn't want anything to chew on but his fist (which didn't get the job done). I tried wet & frozen washcloths, cold binkies, cold teething rings...he didn't hold or like any of them. Then my mom bought this giraffe for him and he loved it! It's soft to chew on & he can hold it.

Review #: 265
Date: 12 18, 2012
We had one of these, but the colors seemed to rub off after a little while. The squeaky part of it stopped working to - but that's because we washed it a few times (dishwasher - probably not the best place for this teether). We bought another one to replace the first one. Kids seem to really love this toy!

Review #: 266
Date: 04 7, 2011
My son loved to chew on my hands and after trying many different teethers to emulate the feeling, I ordered Sophie. Problem solved! He loves to gnaw on her and my hands are no longer sore from bites!

Review #: 267
Date: 05 24, 2012
I must have skipped Sophie because of the price. I bought a water-filled teeter from store but  my baby could not hold on to it. Then I bought another one which was meant for 0+ months but my 4 month old baby could not hold it. My friend suggested Sophie and thanks to the lady who posted a video review, I decided to buy this teether. My now 5 month old loved it right away. She can hold onto it and bite on it all day long.My recommendation is don't waste your money on other teethers. This is awesome.

Review #: 268
Date: 06 3, 2012
This toy is the greatest ever, especially in church when you need baby to be relatively quiet. Great for teething; our baby prefers this over her other teethers we received from our baby showers.

Review #: 269
Date: 07 14, 2010
This is defintely our 6 month old baby's favorite toy. It was also the first toy that he showed any interest in. When I hand it to him his face just lights up, even if he's playing with something else. It's so easy for him to hold, pass from hand to hand, and he likes chewing on different parts of Sophie. I probably should not have put it in the dishwasher, the squeaker sounds a little "strained" now.

Review #: 270
Date: 09 2, 2012
We did not get ours through Amazon, we were given it and told that it was purchased at BRU.That being said, my son finally figured out how to really chew on the head the other day, and I looked at him and he was covered in black paint! It completely smeared all over him and Sophie. When I rinsed Sophie off afterwards, more and more paint just ran right off until there was very little left. I gave up.I am certain our Sophie is real, as I watched the video on the Vulli website and it has all of the markers a real Sophie should have, and none of the fake ones I looked up online.That being said, while the paint is "food grade" I still don't want my son eating it. Babies under 6 mo should have nothing but breast milk (or formula if that's the way you're going) and I am sure that the paint is not made out of milk.Oh, and it smells horrible. Like a balloon. Which the company says is supposed to "stimulate sense of smell" or something to that effect.It's a cute toy, but since I won't let my kid use it, what's the point?

Review #: 271
Date: 01 3, 2013
My daughter chewed on it a little, but actually ended up preferring metal teething rings. She liked playing with it more than nibbling on it.

Review #: 272
Date: 06 25, 2014
Bought this when my son was about 8 months, now at 21 months he plays with every once in a while. He likes to hit it with things to make it squeak but that's about it. It did have a strong rubber smell and still does. Also if you make the same mistake as me and wash it and get water in it, try putting it in your car on a hot day so water evaporates ;)

Review #: 273
Date: 12 21, 2011
Yes, Sophie is expensive compared to other toys & Yes, she looks a lil like a dog toy... We are typically pretty practical shoppers (and parents) BUT, we also have learned that, when we can afford it, it's worth it to spend a lil more on something that WORKS & there is just something about Sophie that our baby (and obviously countless others) LOVES. My daughter got her 1st 2 teeth fairly early (before 5 mths)& was still very small so she was trying to gnaw on everything by about the end of 3 months -most other teething items we tried just wouldn't work for her yet, they were either too big around for her to fit in her mouth so they gagged her when she tried & were frustrating more than anything else or were too heavy/too hard plastic- she had the strength to hold them up but her fine motor was still shaky so I worried about her constantly smacking herself in the face with them while she tried to manipulate them...and then other things still just were, in general, not soft enough/didn't work...Not only was Sophie the first thing our baby showed preference to & seemed to recognize/favor as "hers", she was a lifesaver while those first 2 teeth were cutting through- our baby could hold onto Sophie by herself & manipulate her on her own to get her into her mouth the way she needed- particularly helpful while grocery shopping, etc when I needed to keep her soothed/entertained. Like most people I imagine- we have baskets of $3-4 toys that our daughter couldn't care less about so if I had to choose- I'd take one $20 Sophie over 4-5 of those instead... because, as other reviewers have said- she lives up to the hype. I am so grateful to the friend who gave us our Sophie...I will take the 1st opportunity I get to give her as a gift to another expectant mommy. There are lots of "Sophie critics" out there but for the most part, people I know who have a Sophie, find that there is indeed, something special about her! As for those people who question Sophie's "safety", my advice is to pay attention to your child- regardless of what they are playing with or doing, we don't leave our infant unattended or expect her to care for herself, we are typically right there/keeping her in our sight, so we don't feel there is much reason for concern...

Review #: 274
Date: 06 19, 2013
Bought his for my 6 month daughter. She loves it. She chews on the head and legs. One of the best toys of I have bought for her and worth the money. She holds on to it better than all her other toys as well.

Review #: 275
Date: 02 10, 2011
Bought this for my last child after reading all the "hype" about Sophie the giraffe.  Afterall its just a toy...I was wrong!  Sophie is my DD's favorate toy.  It is well made and well sought after by my child.  Everytime we take her out other young children seem to gravitate towards sophie.  Very easy for little hands to grasp, nice colors and texture and pleasant "squeak" Washes up really well and has held up well to my teething baby.

Review #: 276
Date: 04 2, 2014
It was absolutely amazing, we didn't even put the Sophie teether on our registry and we got 4 of them from friends. There's a reason why, kids love this thing. Our 6 month old loves chewing on this thing whether it's on the couch, in the car or in his crib! The squeaky sound is an added bonus because it gives his feedback when he presses on the toy!

Review #: 277
Date: 02 1, 2009
My 6 month old's favorite toy by far. I love that she is non toxic, no BPA or other bad chemicals. She has so many places to chew and she is the perfect size for my little one's hands. A must have!

Review #: 278
Date: 08 30, 2013
The design of the animal is perfect for babies that want to grab an object. But I became really scared when my baby began to teeth and chewed the foot off the toy. I was surprised that this toy hadn't been recalled to correct how thin the plastic is in in the leg areas. The paint (spots) also came off in several places! I didnt like that it came apart so easily, great idea for product, poor making of it (wonder if it is a amazon knockoff product and not the real Sophie as seen in the stores)

Review #: 279
Date: 11 25, 2010
My 4 months old has been chewing happily on Sophie for a month now. We take her everywhere. Soft, easy to hold and my son LOVES to chew,suck,hold this giraffe. WELL WORTH the price!!

Review #: 280
Date: 04 30, 2011
I got one based on the review last year for about $20. Baby used it while teething, but not like everyday. like other people say, it is a squeaking toy similar to dog toys. Nothing special and i do not think it is worth $20.Update: it was left outside for a couple of weeks. the whole thing became sticky and something was peeled off in some places. the colors disappeared (maybe peeled?) in some places. Does that mean the baby was eating paint/material slowly? not sure. I trashed it.

Review #: 281
Date: 12 25, 2011
Really this is just a squeaky toy for children, but they love it.  I got one for my first son when his molars were coming in and now at 2 years old he plays with it sometimes.  It's held up well enough to be passed on to his little brother next!

Review #: 282
Date: 05 1, 2014
Lots of reviews, got one for myself, sure enough, baby had his first partner in teething.  You'd think something like this might rip off but so far, so good.

Review #: 283
Date: 05 27, 2014
Our oldest kid loved this thing. Youngest, not so much. We call her Lu Lu. Lu lu has been every where. We feel safe knowing that it is natural rubber and it got plenty of use and abuse. But still Lu Lu look eloquent, even after being in mouths, on the floor, in the car, diaper bag etc.... We got one for out friend's daughter, it is the only thing she will go to sleep with and she wakes up chewing on it. My kids loved chewing on the pointy ears. Our friend's daughter loves the legs, thick and blunt.

Review #: 284
Date: 01 30, 2010
My 5-mos old son took to this immediately. The shape of the neck makes it easy to hold and the shape of the legs allows him to stick the feet toward the backs of his gums for sucking and chewing, easing discomfort from teething. (Only the Melissa and Doug bugs container seems to offer similar toys that reach back there with ease. Few toys have that extension and texture.) Especially in his car seat, he often falls asleep with the tip of a leg in his mouth.I was surprised that the toy is so soft and hollow; I'd expected a foam and not the "dog toy" texture.  And sure enough, my dog LOVES this giraffe!  We stepped out of the room to change a diaper and the dog, who normally shadows us, was nowhere to be seen.  Suddenly "squeak squeak squeak" could be heard from across the house.  Our darling mutt schemed to wait til we left to grab the giraffe and race off with his prize.  LOL... every chance he gets!  I suppose that's a downside, but we just clean it with soap and hot water or stick it in the dishwasher and we're good to go.  Anyway, we can legitimately say that the WHOLE family loves this toy!

Review #: 285
Date: 10 30, 2012
Sophie has been our teething hero. Even the dogs love her! Our son will gnaw on her for an extended amount of baby time. She is PRICEY, but I am grateful we shoveled out the money for her.

Review #: 286
Date: 10 7, 2011
I received this as a gift for my second child. It is the best teether toy. She would suck and teeth on it for hours. I was so impressed with the product that I purchased a couple of other Vulli teethers in other styles. Those however, did not have the same impact as Sophie the giraffe and were ignored. Hands down, Sophie is it.

Review #: 287
Date: 01 31, 2011
I can't believe I finally broke down and bought this for my daughter...but I'm glad I did! It does seem a little ridiculous to pay $17 for a teether, but based on the reviews, I thought I'd give it a try. Our daughter LOVES it. She loves the squeaking, all of the chewable parts, and the size. The only thing I don't like (reason for 4/5 stars), is that the rubber attracts a lot of fuzz and it's difficult to keep clean. I'm always rinsing it off in the sink multiple times...and even having to scrub to get everything off.I also don't like the rubber smell, but the baby doesn't seem to mind!

Review #: 288
Date: 07 12, 2009
I'll admit that I was skeptical -- a $[...] teether crafted by hand in the French Alps from all natural rubber and paint -- I thought it was all hype.  But I bought one anyway and quickly realized that this is not only the best teether on the market, it's also one of the best toys in general for 4-6 month olds.  I got this for my son a little early, around 3 months.  It wasn't until he was 4 months that he really started to like it.  Now that he's 5 months old he and his Sophie the Giraffe are all but inseparable.  We've offered him other teethers but nothing appeals to him like his Sophie the Giraffe.  Now I won't leave home without it.  If we're out and he starts to get fussy, all I have to do is pull out the giraffe and squeak it and he'll smile and reach for it.  The way it's shaped is perfect for his little hands and mouth.  Sometimes he'll grab the giraffe with both hands around the neck and chew on the feet.  Other times he'll grab one leg in each hand and chew on the giraffe's ears.  I have so many pictures of my son smiling with a giraffe's foot dangling out of one side of his mouth.  And if he's happy; I'm happy.

Review #: 289
Date: 02 18, 2010
It is very soft, I expected it to be firmer, which is great for the baby to sink her teeth into.  Also, it makes a squeaking sound when you squeeze in the middle, which I did not know it made.  Great quality, I highly recommend it for your teething child.

Review #: 290
Date: 04 3, 2011
I was skeptical that a squeeze toy would be worth this price, but ever since we gave it to our baby, we've been glad we got it. This is by far his favorite toy. It is light, and so easy for him to grab, and he loves chewing on it.  We take it with us everywhere and he falls asleep holding it in his carseat or swing.  Very easy to clean.  Simple.  Cute.

Review #: 291
Date: 01 17, 2010
Just the right size for my 4mo old to gum...has been for past two months...but he doesn't pay it any attention. Also, the dog is so attracted to the squeak that it is more likely to become the dogs toy if my baby doesn't start to pay it attention!

Review #: 292
Date: 12 20, 2012
I purchased a Sophie for my daughter and it has been the go to toy for her since birth (5 months)! She loves the squeaky sound and chews on it all the time. Her cousin is 2 months younger so I ordered this Sophie for her for Christmas! It comes on the real packaging and looks identical to the real one that my daughter has. This will definitely be included in baby shower gifts that we give from now on!

Review #: 293
Date: 10 21, 2013
Saw list of top toys for infants and this was one so gave it a try and boy is starting to chew and handle things more 3-4 mths we love Sophie &#60;3

Review #: 294
Date: 11 30, 2010
He loves this giraffe! He will extend his arm and smack it on the ground back and forth. He likes to put it under his knee and squeak it when he is sitting in his bouncer. This is his buddy when we travel and he will kick it in his car seat.

Review #: 295
Date: 05 13, 2013
It is very cute and a baby can chew on it when they are teething.It is not made in China which makes it more desireable for baby

Review #: 296
Date: 02 24, 2011
My son loves chewing on Sophie.  My husband thought I was crazy how much this little thing cost.  However this giraffe is worth it.  It is very well made and will last for a long time.

Review #: 297
Date: 07 24, 2011
This is a nice product for my 5 month to chew on. . . a nice substitution to my finger. However, he can take it or leave it. The dog seems to love it though. The squeaker gets the dog's attention every time. I have to play referee between the two of them. Maybe he will be more interested when he gets a little older.

Review #: 298
Date: 03 19, 2012
My 18month old started teething around 5months and this toy was so helpful. The fact that it's all natural rubber makes me feel good about giving it to my daughter. She first started off nibbling on it's ears and since worked her way down to it's legs. She seems to love this toy and it has made the teething process so much easier, considering she chomps down on the poor giraffe!

Review #: 299
Date: 05 17, 2012
Figured i should title this with what the boy says!  nice natural rubber and hand painted with super non-toxic paint in France.  What is not to like.  For all of the stuff the kid puts in his mouth this is probably the safest.  So i sign off with the words of the baby "SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!"

Review #: 300
Date: 06 2, 2010
...I just saw other baby's happily mawing it everywhere we went.I'd come across Sophie during my pre-baby hunt for usable items and this rated well, but I wasn't 100% convinced.Then I noticed babies happily gnawing on it many places we went and decided to order one.Once I had it, a gal in my parenting support group mentioned it was on Oprah, etc.That didn't matter to me at all because my little guy loves mashing his gums of the giraffe's feet and face.I do see the paint slowly wearing away, but it's food grade dye, so I'm not worried about it. I don't think my little one cares about the visual appeal of the giraffe, except for the creepy black eyes.Those eyes are on nearly ALL his toys and he loves staring at them.Overall, if your baby loves to chew and maw this is a good teether.

Review #: 301
Date: 04 11, 2014
I was trying to figure out when I looked at this item online of why it was so expensive and why its so popular.  With a high price tag I was avoiding buying it even though my baby girl needed something desperately to chew on.  I bought cheap teethers at Target and even ones you cool down to see if she'd like them.  However, she was not interested at all.  I finally broke down at bought Sophie. To my surprise my baby loved it! Its easy for her to hold and she lots of parts to suck/chew on.  I was so glad that I got it for her and that she likes it.  It is designed like a dog toy when it comes to size, feel and even squeeks like one.  But of course we don't get our babies cheap dog toys since we have to careful of it being &#34;safe&#34; so Sophie is definitely the way to go!

Review #: 302
Date: 03 1, 2014
I am a foster parent and have three babies use this Teether.  It is a great product.  The babies love it.

Review #: 303
Date: 05 29, 2012
I didn't get Sophie for my first baby because I couldn't justify spending close to $20 on a teething toy. I broke down and bought it for my second baby and I'm so glad I did!  He just loves it!!  He plays with it more than his other pricier toys and it seems to soothe his sore gums. His face lights up when he sees Sophie. Even my two year old wants to play with her!

Review #: 304
Date: 04 27, 2012
I would give this five stars except for the irritatingly overactive squeaker.  I can't speak to whether or not infants can jam this too far down their throat.  I suspect it may not be good for tiny infants but man my eighteen month old goes to town on Sophie. I just threw away a gum stimulator after she bit off a major piece of it which is a choke hazard so I am glad we have Sophie.

Review #: 305
Date: 02 3, 2011
We've had Sophie for about 6 weeks now and my 7 month old is just not into her.  I really was hoping she'd be the magic teething toy, but she's not.  My child will hold her for less than a minute and then drop her.  I even tried working with him so that he'd be more interested, but alas, he's not.  My son does like other teethers, so I know that it's just a preference thing.  I can see how Sophie is appealing in terms of easy to grasp and safe paint, but it wasn't the magical toy for us.

Review #: 306
Date: 11 23, 2013
What baby doesn't love to grip this easy to grip little giraffe.  Someone did their homework when they invented it.  I can see why it got the award for the best baby toy of the year.

Review #: 307
Date: 08 30, 2010
Sophie has been a life saver for our son. She is cute, she makes noise, she is soft, and all natural. We had a selection of about 8 different teethers for our son starting out - hard, soft, ones you freeze or chill, cloth, etc, but none of them appealed to him. However, Sophie has been great. He chews and gnaws on her constantly, her legs can be used to reach the gums further back in his mouth, her ears work great on the front. He smiles every time I hand her to him. This has been one item I would not do without and would recommend to any parent.

Review #: 308
Date: 09 3, 2013
I bought this because I heard so much about it... it really is pretty great.  Definitely worth the money for how much use it gets!

Review #: 309
Date: 08 16, 2013
My child has not really been that entertained by this.  Everyone told me, you have to get Sophie!  But I think it is just an overpriced squeaky toy that my child has mostly ignored.

Review #: 310
Date: 01 19, 2013
My son has two of these and he LOVES them.  They go everywhere with him and he chews her face and legs. It is definitely a great gift to give moms-to-be.  Totally lives up to the hype, we love sophie and each child of mine will have at least two.

Review #: 311
Date: 09 12, 2010
My son is 7 months old and Sophie goes EVERYWHERE with us!  She stays in his carseat when we're home just to make sure that she's in the car with us when we leave.  My son laughs and laughs every time she squeaks.  I highly recommend her!

Review #: 312
Date: 12 27, 2012
My little niece loves this thing, she is still extremely young so she can't quite gnaw on it, but she loves to rub the ears and feet on her gums.The squeak it makes it cute too, though you might want to show the baby the noise before hand, it startled my niece a bit.

Review #: 313
Date: 11 4, 2011
My son loves Sophie. When he hears her squeak, he gets excited and looks for her. And she's always got a smile on her face! She's easy to clean. However, if she gets a little too wet, she looses her squeak for a few days. I was really bumped to hear the garbled squeak but she luckily came back after a few days. At first I was hesitant to buy buy her due to the price but so happy I did. She is loved in our home! :)

Review #: 314
Date: 08 25, 2012
We just bought another one of these for a baby shower.  I don't know why, but babies are strangely attracted to this creature and seem to intuitively know what it is for.  It's soft and cute and you can feel good about it being in kids' mouths.  One of my go-to baby shower and new baby gifts.  I only give this one 4 stars though because it lacks any feature that is a closed loop so that you can attach this to the car seat or stroller with a strap.  Because it's so soft, it's stealthy and makes little noise when it hits the ground.  No one wants to lose a twenty dollar teether!

Review #: 315
Date: 10 30, 2013
I don't quite understand Sophie's magic, but she works! We have a &#34;travel&#34; Sophie and a &#34;home&#34; Sophie, because our little babe needs her all the time. Great when they start teething (our daughter loves to chew on her head and legs). Excellent product.

Review #: 316
Date: 01 29, 2013
Our girl loves her Sophie. We actually lost her first one, and she was always trying to steal her cousin's Sophie!We re-ordered one for her and now all is right with the world once again.It is super cute when she crawls with it because it squeaks.

Review #: 317
Date: 10 26, 2009
After one mom brought Sophie to our monthly moms' meeting, we all fell in love with Sophie and ordered her. Honestly, my then six-month-old didn't love her, but after a few weeks of her always being around, he now loves Sophie! The neck is small enough for little baby hands to grab. The legs are the perfect size to stick in little baby mouths (although, beware your child might momentarily gag if he/she sticks the legs too far in their mouth!). She is soft enough they can make her squeak. Of course, the ears are good for chewing on, too. It's also easy to wipe down if another baby grabs hold (like during a group meeting!) or if it gets dropped somewhere yucky.

Review #: 318
Date: 06 25, 2014
I know everyone raves about this teether, and for some reason, kids seem to love it.  But I have one big gripe - the legs.My son chews on this thing, and he ends of gagging himself b/c he shoves the legs so far into his mouth.  I stopped giving it to him for that reason.

Review #: 319
Date: 02 20, 2014
Like every other parent out there that has talked to me about this toy, for whatever reason babies gravitate towards it.  My son recently started teething and with the multiple teething aids available this is his go to.  No idea why.  The squeaking is fun too.  It makes him laugh.

Review #: 320
Date: 05 27, 2013
I bought this for my 6 month old based on all the positive reviews, but was dubious as he did not really enjoy any other teething rings we had bought himSophie arrived promptly and was well packaged, with no damage to any packaging or the toy. We just gave the toy a quick wash (for safety's sake) and handed it over. My wee boy loved it and it went straight into his mouth. The shape is ideal for small hands, it is easily manipulated, and there is not a surface that cannot fit into a mouth.Sophie washes easily so can be kept clean of food and the general mess that babies toys can get into. One quick wash and it is good to go. This has fast become our wee boys favourite toy and is definitely worth the money.

Review #: 321
Date: 01 9, 2010
My baby girl loves her sophie.  It seems to be the favorite at playgroups too. I think its the high contrast dots that first catches their eyes.  Then its the squeker that gets them too.  Its fun to watch them figure out how to make her make a noise and her legs and neck makes it easy for little hands to grip her.

Review #: 322
Date: 03 13, 2013
'Sophie La Girafe' is originally a French product, it has been a old classic in baby toys for tens of years in France. So, being French, and born in France, with all of my family and my in-laws living in France, not only did I have one as a baby, I also got several Sophies as gifts for my baby girl.Well, honestly, I don't quite remember caring for this toy when I was younger, but I was hoping that my daughter would like it, especially since we received 3 of those! Unfortunately, she didn't take to it either. A well, I am not so surprised because honestly it doesn't have anything special and its squeaking is really loud and annoying. What we like as adults (the fact that it is shaped as a giraffe) doesn't matter to young babies, who just don't know what a giraffe is. Per se, it is only an expensive squeaky teether.After a while, I was feeling so bad that my daughter would use any of her giraffes, that I started trying to get her interested by making the toy squeak. Well, not interest whatsoever, but well, I get my 3 dogs scratching at the nursery door within 10 seconds every time, no matter how far in the house they were.Well, guess what happened? 3 dogs, 3 giraffes. At least SOME got happy...

Review #: 323
Date: 07 2, 2014
Perfect for  entertaining a teething baby! Safe and practical.

Review #: 324
Date: 07 20, 2011
Being a child photographer, I saw lots of kids with this giraffe and parents would always say "I don't know why but he/she LOVES this thing, we have to have it everywhere with us" so when I had my own baby, I thought I MUST have this thing. I was so excited to open it and give it to my almost 4 month old son. And then....I realized, I love Sophie much more than he does right now! She is very lightweight and easy for him to hold but with his hand/eye coordination not being so great yet, he can't get it into his mouth as easily as he'd like, leading to lots of eye pokes. I've determined that this is something he can only have while highly supervised for now! I expect his love for Sophie will grow as he does though.

Review #: 325
Date: 05 12, 2014
this is made from typical dog toy material. it squeaks like a dog toy too. i moment i brought it out of the packaging my dog lunged for it. sent it back immediately.

Review #: 326
Date: 02 14, 2013
So cute. Love this!  My daughter loved this to. After using this at my local gym  I had to find one for my little girl. She was obsessed with it!

Review #: 327
Date: 10 18, 2013
Sophie has been the teether of choice for both of my children.  We don't leave home without her.  She accomodates all teeth coming in.  My son is currently chewing her face and my daughter used her last when her back teeth were coming in.  The feet got back there to help sooth the pain.We had to buy a third Sophie because one was snatched away by a friend's dog while visiting, but other than that the quality holds up.  Very much worth the money!

Review #: 328
Date: 01 22, 2010
This is a great teether if your child is not allergic to Latex. Sophie is made of natural rubber Latex and my daughter, who is very allergic to Latex, broke out in hives. Again, great teether and my girlfriends think so too. But if you have an allergic child, this is not the teether for you.

Review #: 329
Date: 07 22, 2013
This is not the original Sophie. It has been re-made by another company. This toy is over priced and not worth it. My son is 6 months old and teething like crazy but doesn't want anything to do with it.If you DO buy, please monitor your child while using this toy. Can be dangerous as I heard stories from other mothers. ( legs were lodged down throat, baby could have choked )

Review #: 330
Date: 06 12, 2013
It's cute. But my kid didn't care for it at all. Wish I didn't spend $20 on a teether. Waste of money.

Review #: 331
Date: 06 13, 2012
I agree with all the good things other reviewers have said about this teether, and I have to add one more thing:  my daughter is now three and a half years old, and she STILL plays with Sophie.  It has transitioned from baby teether to imaginative toy.  Yes, after years of play it looks a little "loved," but it makes no difference to my daughter.  Sophie hangs out with Barbie dolls, helps her cook in the play kitchen, goes on car rides... everything you can think of.  While this may be on the pricey side, especially for a teething toy, NO OTHER TOY has made it from my kid's babyhood into her preschool years like this one has.  Definitely an investment that has paid off for us!

Review #: 332
Date: 01 26, 2012
This is a super cool toy. Not exactly sure why, but my 10 month old son loves Sophie the giraffe. It is literally a dog toy.  It squeaks like crazy! It's hilarious. He loves it!Glad we bought it : )

Review #: 333
Date: 07 3, 2013
My 3 mo  isnt chewing yet but she constantly sucks on her fist or w/e she gets her hands on so we got her Sophie. So far she seems to quite enjoy her when she hears the squeaks although my husbands habit of endlessly squeezing her can get rather old. I would recommend.

Review #: 334
Date: 06 18, 2011
My husband got Sophie for our daughter when she was pretty young - 4 months or so. I thought he was insane for buying such an expensive "chew toy" but she ended up LOVING it. Carried it with her everywhere for about 10 months, and then she/we lost it somewhere. We didn't worry or think about it until we were recently at a birthday party, and our friend's daughter (who turned 1) had a Sophie that our daughter nabbed and carried around with her through the whole party. Our daughter is now 16 1/2 months.So I re-bought it here on Amazon. This one is squeakier than her last, for some reason, and it sounds like a clown nose. It makes us laugh every time she squeaks it. She LOVES Sophie once again. Carries it around with her everywhere.

Review #: 335
Date: 01 3, 2013
This is a great gender neutral toy. The babies love it and has a lot of different areas to hold on to and easy to clean.

Review #: 336
Date: 04 27, 2009
My daughter chews on Sophie like crazy!  She can manipulate the soft rubber and has fun bending and playing with it.  If my daughter gets fussy from teething, I give her Sophie and chewing on her legs or head distracts her completely and she is calm and happy.  It's also pretty cute and I have some funny pictures of my daughter chewing on Sophie.Expensive for a teething toy, but it is so worth it.  My daughter won't bother with the traditional teething rings and doesn't like to chew on anything cold.  Sophie will keep her occupied and chewing on her seems to help relieve her teething pain.  A must have.

Review #: 337
Date: 05 11, 2013
Yes, my daughter does on occassion use Sophie to teethe or play with but this is not her &#34;go-to&#34; teether. She prefers several other teethers including a couple nuby rings and a infant dental brush to Sophie.

Review #: 338
Date: 03 6, 2012
I love this Giraffe. Its sensitive and squeeks very easily which I love because most toys babies have to press hard to get any sound. So my son gets a kick out of it. However, for the parent you may just end up hiding it as the sound may drive you crazy, although I am not quite there yet. Its easy for him to grab and he chews on it like its filet mignon. I am glad I ordered this product and I recommend it to any teething baby:)

Review #: 339
Date: 08 5, 2011
We LOVE this giraffe!!!  My 8 month old thinks this is the greatest thing!  This toy is easy to squeak, tough and soft.  My baby loves to chew on him and squeak him!  I really love that it is organic rubber too!

Review #: 340
Date: 10 27, 2012
I tried to offer this to my son several times when he was a few months old and he was very disinterested. Eventually when he was about 5 months old he suddenly became interested. He likes it but it's not his favorite by any means. These teething rings from Vulli win hands down over sophie-http://www.amazon.com/Vulli-Vanilla-Flavored-Teethe-Colors/dp/B001N45DM2/ref=sr_1_2?s=baby-products&ie=UTF8&qid=1360729347&sr=1-2&keywords=vulli and they are ADORABLE

Review #: 341
Date: 02 10, 2012
After seeing all the excellent reviews for Sophie I decided to purchase one. My 6 month old son does enjoy it occasionally but he is definitely not infatuated with it like the other reviewers infants. Maybe I introduced it a little too late? Either way it is a cute well made toy that is easy to grasp for little hands & lots of little features for him to chew on when he does pay attention to it.

Review #: 342
Date: 12 26, 2009
Based on the reviews, we bought this toy before our daughter was born.  From 1-3 months, she didn't have much use for it.  But, for the last four months, she has really enjoyed this toy giraffe.  It is a small, convenient toy that she can gnaw on and play while on the go.  Also, I like the fact that it is made of natural materials.  Highly recommended!

Review #: 343
Date: 07 6, 2010
My son has loved this toy since he was about 4 months (currently 6mo). It doesn't look like much but it has all kinds of perfect surfaces for chewing. Seriously, he loves it! It's well made and cleans easily. I know it's a lot of money, but we aren't sorry we bought it! Makes it a great treat to buy for baby showers/new baby gifts.

Review #: 344
Date: 02 1, 2011
Well, she's kind of in love with Sophie a little.  She gets annoyed when she can't quite get Sophie into her mouth the way she wants.The dogs...really, really want Sophie in a bad, bad way so I'm almost certain that eventually, they'll end up eating this seventeen dollar teething toy.  :)

Review #: 345
Date: 06 23, 2013
We got one of these as a gift for our baby, and it is an absolute favorite.  There are a few other toys that really are baby favorites too, but I believe this is #1.  It is a great asset for teething and just plain old paying.  Easy to keep clean, always enjoyed by baby, small, convenient, etc.  Just cant go wrong.  We give these to expecting parents as we know it will be a favorite for their baby too.  In theory given that it is made in France as opposed to China, there is some better QC/QA and less of a chance of having some toxic or heavy metal slipped in to the product. That's important because as a baby's favorite teething toy, at least ours hardly has any spots left!!

Review #: 346
Date: 10 25, 2009
My son loves this toy! We have a bunch of teether toys but this is by far his favorite. It's easy for him to hold and easy for me to clean. Would definitely recommend!

Review #: 347
Date: 08 27, 2013
Yep...it's worth the money.  I don't know why, but my baby loves this!  Unfortunately, so does my dog (squeaky rubber giraffe is not that different from a dog toy, right?!).

Review #: 348
Date: 04 23, 2014
My son is certainly teething, but doesn't seem to find much comfort in chewing Sophie.  To me, it just looks like an expensive dog toy.

Review #: 349
Date: 05 7, 2011
I paid about $20 for this item and it looks exactly the same as any of my $1 dog toys.

Review #: 350
Date: 06 4, 2013
great chewing toy for kids. We bought a monkey one but it's much harder for kids to chew than Sophie. And price is unbeatable. Only reason I give it a 4-star is that there is no where on the package stating where it was made.

Review #: 351
Date: 11 29, 2011
When we got Sophie on a recommendation, I was completely unimpressed. However, something about this rubber giraffe squeak toy captured my son's imagination! Sophie wound up being his single favorite toy for his first year! He liked teething on it, he liked squeaking it, and loved when I would vigorously squeak Sophie for him.Sophie's relatively small and light, a little larger than a hairbrush. It's got a squeaker that makes a quite squeeking sound when she's squished with moderate force. You can get her to squeak very quickly by grabbing the giraffe's head and shaking the body, which caused no end of giggles for my son.Sophie stayed cleaner than we expected, and was easy to clean with a sponge and some dish soap whenever she got too goo-ified.Pro:+ AMAZINGLY appealing for a baby+ a nice toy for teething and mouthing+ quaint looking with a cute squeak+ stays fairly clean, easy to clean+ DURABLE and well worth the moneyCon:- Expensive, but you absolutely get what you pay for.We loved Sophie! Even now that my son is three, he smiles every time he sees her. Fond memories, no doubt.

Review #: 352
Date: 09 27, 2013
Our 5m old likes chewing on this teether.  He still has a tough time getting it to his mouth sometimes. . . and other times he pokes his eye with it, or pushes the leg too far into his mouth and chokes.  I'm sure as he gets older, he will be able to enjoy it more fully.  I gave it five stars because it seems easy to hold onto, and he really likes the texture on his gums.

Review #: 353
Date: 07 29, 2009
We just got this for our infant, and I couldn't help but give it a bit of a test chew, myself. Now, I obviously don't have a huge deal of experience (or, memory, rather) with teething toys, but this is good stuff. Very satisfying to bite on. I'm thinking of getting a second one for myself to use in the office to deal with stress. Much better than my kid's silicone pacifier, which I've also tried.My only complaint is that the giraffe appears to have fluorescent lip stick, which is a bit disconcerting to see in a giraffe, even a French one.

Review #: 354
Date: 12 23, 2011
My baby loves this, the sound is very cute, it goes wherever we go! I recommend this to every parent!

Review #: 355
Date: 08 19, 2010
I bought this for when I flew for the first time with my 5 month old daughter. I was a pretty steep price for a teether but she really loved to stare this giraffe in the face and gnaw on her feet. So far, she hasn't gotten tired of it, but she didn't express any interest in it whatsoever until she started teething, so I would hold off on it until then.

Review #: 356
Date: 05 5, 2012
Never thought I'd see my son French kissing a giraffe, let alone French kissing a French giraffe, but he adores her so. I swear Sophie is like crack for 4 month olds, he looks at her and gets this possessed look in his eyes, reaches out, grabs her with his little chubby hands around her legs, and stuffs her nose into his mouth, where he proceeds with a veritable orgy of chewing. The natural rubber is a little squeaky on his gums when he bites, and when he squeezes her body, she squeaks, which delights him. We've gotten more giggles by dancing Sophie's feet on his tummy while squeaking her. He's teething furiously right now, and Sophie makes it a little more fun. The one we got had no issues with running paint or fragile rubber, it is tough, durable, and he's slobbered all over the thing without paint coming off, so I think we're good, but remember that a lot of these come from different sellers, even if Amazon is shipping them prime.Sophie's been around for 50 years for a reason...ETA: After a couple months of use, some of the paint is starting to wear off Sophie's ears, and there are a few tiny cracks in the surface of the paint, but with the abuse she gets from my kids, this seems well within the acceptable range for me. My special needs 7 year old tends to swipe her whenever she can, and uses her to bounce against her iPad she uses for communication, which is good, because it doesn't trigger the iPad's screen and is not likely to hurt it. The baby loves to gnaw on every part of the giraffe, and popped 2 teeth before 5 months old.

Review #: 357
Date: 02 3, 2011
My girl loves this toy. She chews on it a lot, making a funny squeeky sound with her yet teethless gums. I like that the toy is very light and bends easily, and made of natural materials. It's the first toy my baby was able to sqeeze and bend to make a sound.

Review #: 358
Date: 12 26, 2010
To say I was a little wary about spending almost $20 on a teething toy is an understatement, but I liked that it is made of natural rubber and food paint and had an established history.Right away my baby loved Sophie. It was very easy for him to hold and as he was moving the feet up and down on his gums about 1 minute after my giving it to him, I felt so relieved that he might be getting some relief during his teething.It was well worth the money.

Review #: 359
Date: 05 4, 2011
After perusing the hundreds of the 5 star reviews, we added Sophie to our baby registry.  Then we read the 1 star reviews.  Turns out, this TEETHING toy is a choking hazard.  We promptly removed Sophie from our registry.  We received Sophie as a gift anyway.Sophie is one of her favorite teething toys, and we have not had any choking hazards (our daughter is 6 months). Even though Sophie is very cute, we remember that she is a killer. Still, we let our daughter play with the giraffe when we are right there with her

Review #: 360
Date: 05 15, 2013
My husband gave me a strange look when I announced that I bought an almost $20 squeak toy, but after having this for six (6) months he now understands that it was worth it!The product description of this toy seems a little whimsical when it describes how it is a toy for all the senses; however, I am 100% sold.  Besides the smell (it doesn't really seem to have a scent), I would argue that this one toy does entice my baby's sense of sight, touch, taste, and hearing.Summary of the PROS:- Color, I like that this toy is not obnoxiously bright blue, pink, green, yellow and orange!  Every other toy is an eyesore.- The squeak is slightly annoying (like any squeak toy) but it really does make my baby smile when we are out and he gets fussy- The rubber is soft enough that my baby can chew on it without injuring himself and not too soft to puncture (the chewing sound does make a rubbing rubber sound that makes me cringe, but baby loves it).- The &#34;small&#34; parts, I like that the legs, neck and head are small enough for my baby to grab and chew on without being too small.CONS:- Slightly expensive, but worth it in my opinion.- Another mom friend said that the squeak sounds similar to that of her dog's toys so the dog likes to play with this too.  Having two (2) dogs that love squeak toys I am amazed that my dogs have not touched this toy.- I wish there were real instructions (not just vague information on the box) concerning cleaning.  If the squeaker gets wet it sounds like Sophie has a serious cold for a few days until it dries.  Along with this I am also potentially concerned about mold or anything growing inside - no worries yet but I can see how this may occur.It may sound strange that all of my PROS seemed to have CONS attached, but I would like to be clear - I would buy this product again and I would highly recommend this product to anyone with an infant.

Review #: 361
Date: 06 1, 2013
I bought this having read some of the negative reviews saying it was a choking hazard. There were tons of great reviews compared to the negative reviews and plus I figured I would watch my baby while he was using it. I was in the kitchen and was watching him but not right in his face. I heard him gagging and when I rushed over he had one of the giraffe's leg lodged in his throat and the whole thing was just hanging there. Of course babies don't know to pull the thing out so I had to pull it out from his mouth. It was pretty scary and I felt terrible. Yes, you can use it but you HAVE to watch your baby every second but who is going to do that??? Plus, you forget. So why take the risk?? I'm not. I'm giving this to my mom's maltese. Plus, my baby does not particularly like this anyways. Why do they even design this thing so that the legs are the perfect size and length to choke a baby??? Shame on the makers!  Don't believe the hype; It is NOT a MUST HAVE.

Review #: 362
Date: 09 17, 2013
As promised, this item is everything that the advertisement boasts of.  The price is cheaper than most if not all other places I have seen and our baby loves playing with Sophie.

Review #: 363
Date: 03 3, 2013
Sophie does seem a bit pricey for what it is -- a lot like a dog's squeaky chew toy. It is made with baby safe quality materials, however. The most impressive thing about Sophie is the responsiveness of the squeak, which baby will appreciate. No matter where you squeeze this thing it squeaks -- yes, even if you squeeze the tiny ear. That's a great reward for baby, who is just noticing that he/she can make those hands do things! I ordered this for my grandson. He's really just starting to enjoy holding Sophie, squeezing her, and looking at her closely at 4-1/2 months. He does try to chew on her but her ears are too tiny, her head is too big, and her feet are too close together for him to get them into his mouth. Maybe he'll work the chewing part out later. He does seem to enjoy playing with her. The squeak stopped working briefly after some water got inside during washing, but after it dried out it was good as new.

Review #: 364
Date: 07 30, 2013
I tried to fight the urge to buy it and not get sucked into the pressure of everyone else buying a $20 rubber toy.  But my baby was teething so badly I was desperate.  I don't know what this thing is made of but it works.  He will chomp on this for a long time.

Review #: 365
Date: 01 25, 2012
Cons - Very expensive for the size.Not so great about it.Reading reviews, i purchased this giraffe but nothing so great about it. My baby is 7 month old and she played it for 10 mins. After that she got bored. The only part she likes is sound.The product could be 5-7$ but not like 18$. It is too expensive.

Review #: 366
Date: 06 21, 2014
I have seen this ridiculous giraffe suggested as a teether since before my first child was born.  I could never get over its price tag to purchase it. My second child is now here and he's the curious type. He likes to grip and study whatever you place in his hands, really focusing on the toy, but he still has trouble actually hanging on to things for very long. Since he's now working on his first set of teeth I finally caved and bought this thing, figuring that with all the different gripping options he'd really love the thing. And I was right! Not only that, but my oldest thought the squeaker inside was the greatest thing ever. They both took turns playing with Sophie, the oldest squeaking, and the youngest gnawing away. It was easy for the kids to hold on to, and I liked that it gave the little one another option for chewing besides his fingers or a pacifier. I also like that it will be easy for me to clean since the surface is a smooth rubber. The only issue I foresee is being forced to purchase a second one because the kids both want to play with it at the same time. We all loved this from the second we pulled Sophie out of the box.

Review #: 367
Date: 01 15, 2014
I don't understand what all the rave about this toy is.bought it for my son and he could not be LESS interested than he is.It tastes kind of rubbery and the squeak is loud and startles him (not to mention its the same exact squeak that dog toys have, so my dog [who's name is also Sophie] thinks its hers)The colors are not as vibrant as the ones on his other toys so he overlooks this when he's got a pile to choose from.

Review #: 368
Date: 10 14, 2009
Our daughter loves this... since I took it out of the box she won't put it down. When I told her dad how much is was he was shocked. But, when you have a teething baby and you found something that makes her happy... that is gold.

Review #: 369
Date: 05 4, 2013
We actually received as a gift from my sister in law and our dog got ahold of it so we had to purchase a new one!  Baby loves this toy and laughs when it squeeks!  It's nice, soft rubber which is great for a drooly teething 5 month old.

Review #: 370
Date: 02 6, 2011
This giraffe is so nice for a baby to teeth on. The rubber is so nice and soft, which gives enough pressure on the gums to soothe, but not to hurt. My daughter happily chews/plays with Sophie for a long time. She can hang on to the legs of the neck and always find something to get into her mouth. We gave it to her when she was about 4 months old, and she has been playing with it ever since (she is 7.5 months now.)

Review #: 371
Date: 12 29, 2012
I didn't buy a Sophie for my first son, but after seeing how much my new baby loves his Sophie, I wish I had. Sophie is adorable and the perfect size for a little baby who is both teething and just learning how to play with toys. My baby boy loves his Sophie the Giraffe. Definitely a must have item for every baby!

Review #: 372
Date: 05 15, 2013
Sophie the Giraffe is so popular these days, and this is a few bucks cheaper than in stores. Loved by all kids (and moms)!

Review #: 373
Date: 06 1, 2009
In all, I believe that Sophie is a good purchase despite the $20 price tag. With MY son, we bought this toy when he was about 3 months old & he could care less about it. It wasn't till about 5 1/2 months of age that he was interested in it and that was because he had finally mastered his grasping technique and he was able to hold it easily. Now, he's 6 months old and when we put it in front of him and squeak it, he starts jumping around and just drops the other toy he had in his hand and sticks it right in his mouth. So, when your baby can easily grasp things, that's when I would get this toy. As for "the most helpful critical review", that person is right. This toy is really a dog's chew toy. It has the same texture and the same squeak & you probably can go to a pet store and buy a dog toy for alot cheaper, however, this toy is non-toxic & bpa-free & I don't know if they make dog toys with those features. What matters is my son is loving it now.

Review #: 374
Date: 12 11, 2012
And floats around the neck so no longer squeaks. For how much it cost I expected it to last longer than 4 months of light use. It's cute though and soft and not stinky. I wonder if there is a warranty...

Review #: 375
Date: 11 21, 2013
Definetelly it is good for teeth babies! My baby son holds Sophie easier and his look likes enjoy it! was a good purchase, the seller was with the best price, but I think Sophie is to expensive!

Review #: 376
Date: 03 5, 2013
another famous babe toy, I bought it for my love, she doesn't show great intrest on that, however, the toy itself is not bad

Review #: 377
Date: 03 25, 2014
The baby does not have teeth yet...he is 3 months old.  I love giraffes so I bouight this for him and am certain he will love it as well

Review #: 378
Date: 06 5, 2011
I love this teether. It is darling, vintage, and exactly my style. Without a doubt it's expensive. My son used it alot and loved to chew on it from 6 to 12 months and then he kind of out grew it so I still would recommend this product and I would buy it again. It's awesome but if you are tight on a budget, this is not a need and I think their are other teether that my son would have liked just as much for less money (even eco friendly ones).

Review #: 379
Date: 03 17, 2013
Age recommendation for this is 0 and up, but we didn't buy one for our little one until she was 7 months.We gave it to her and her eyes lit up! She held it, and instantly started teething with it. Eventually she got it to squeak and it made her smile.Sophie the giraffe is really adorable - we it with us while out and several people commented on how cute the giraffe is.Be forewarned though, if you have dogs, they take a big interest in this! The squeaker sounds very similar to dog toys.

Review #: 380
Date: 11 30, 2012
I purchased this item from Amazon on 11/28/12 as a gift. My daughter has one and loves it (I purchased hers at a toy store in Chicago). When this Sophie arrived it looked totally different than my daughters. The colors looked faded, the material feels thin and the serial number on the back is very obviously fake. The real Sophie has an almost powdery feeling to it when you first get it. It has a serial number on the back of one of the legs which is RAISED not stamped into it. It feels much thicker and more sturdy than the one that Amazon sent. Even the booklet included with the amazon Sophie was an obvious copy and not an original print. My suggestion: forget saving $2 and drive to the local baby toy store and buy it in person. The ones from Amazon are fake.

Review #: 381
Date: 03 27, 2012
I will say what everyone else has said - yes, it is basically a $20 dog toy... BUT my 6 month old really loves this thing.  Will I ever understand why Sophie is so popular? No... but it keeps her entertained and is a go-to toy us. Another Sophie fan!

Review #: 382
Date: 11 19, 2010
My baby enjoys this toy but the LOUD squeak has woken him up when he squirms around in his crib during naps. ALso, the dishwasher leaves strange dark bruises on it. Not our top favorite--the vulli vanilla teething rings are better.

Review #: 383
Date: 03 3, 2012
As I removed the teether from the package, it squeaked, and my dog instantly thought it was a new toy for him. He was very bothered when I gave it to the baby instead. My baby had no interest in it. When it was left behind in her swing, the dog got a hold of it and squeaked and chewed on it. I tried to correct the situation and let the dog know that the toy is not his, but he kept going back to it. This is the only time my dog has thought that one of the baby's toys was his. I could tell that it would lead to problems down the road so I threw it away. Don't buy this item if you have a dog. Even if the dog is well-trained, like mine, this toy gives mixed signals. I don't think a teether needs to squeak. My daughter is more interested in her solid, non-squeaking teethers.

Review #: 384
Date: 04 22, 2010
For the cost and reviews I had high expectations for Sophie! My daughter likes the Sophie but is not in love with the Sophie like I had hoped. She doesn't bite it hard enough or squeeze it for the squeaker but she will chew on her legs and ears for a little while. If I would have known what I know now..I probably would have saved my money!

Review #: 385
Date: 12 26, 2013
My son is teething at 4 months and does not take a paci, he has been gnawing on his fist...So I thought this would be perfect for him, which it is!! He loves to squeak it and stare at it. Every now and again it will end up in his mouth, which seems to settle his sore gums.

Review #: 386
Date: 03 11, 2014
Bought Sophie for my grandson and he loves it.  He plays with it and now that he is teething he really chews on it.  Very well made and beautiful designed.  We look forward to having it for a long while.

Review #: 387
Date: 04 16, 2014
I started giving Sophie to my son at about 3 months old and it's the first toy he's really held and loved. When he started reaching, he reached for her immediately. The design (well, shape of a giraffe) is perfect for little hands and he loves to eat the face and now that he's cutting teeth, he aggressively bites on her legs. The smell of the natural rubber is nice too!

Review #: 388
Date: 03 31, 2010
I know, I know, I know... it's a chew toy.  A giraffe... and kindof a weird-looking giraffe.  Why all the hype?  Why all the money?Because it's a great toy and babies love it.  Those gimpy legs and that long neck? Perfect for little baby-grasp.  The ears and snout are my baby's favorite to chew on, though she does occasionally take to a hoof or the butt.My daughter took a while to warm up to Sophie -- maybe three months and a bit?  But now (4 mo)... oh boy... now her face just LIGHTS UP when she sees Sophie.  She reaches out, grabs her rubber giraffe, and stuffs that little french creature straight in her gummy, drooly, slobbery mouth.  Heaven!I had nursed some reservations about the latex in this toy as I, myself, am allergic to latex, but it has been fine.  No problems whatsoever.  Hooray for Sophie!  She's a HUGE hit in our house.  Definitely one of the baby's absolute favorites.

Review #: 389
Date: 11 30, 2013
Not sure what all the excitement is about this item.  I got it for my first son and he didn't like it at all.  My second son too no interest in it either.  It is cute and squeaky but I wouldn't recommend this item (especially given the price).

Review #: 390
Date: 05 10, 2012
I don't know why, but my son loves it. Don't let the price scare you, this thing has been worth every penny. For sure it's one of his favorite toys!

Review #: 391
Date: 04 29, 2013
My daughter loves her Sophie. Its soft, duable. A must have for a teething baby!! It might be alittle pricey but its totally worth it!!

Review #: 392
Date: 03 12, 2011
My little guy likes Sophie but he definitely could have lived without it.  Personally I wouldn't have bought it if I didn't have a coupon but since I did I figured I'd give it a shot.  He doesn't use it as a teether so much as he likes to just squeak her.

Review #: 393
Date: 08 29, 2009
I didnt realize how soft this toy was. I love everything about it. My daughters too young to play with it quite yet, but Ive tried to help her learn, and she really liked to look at this toy. I love how it is all natural and very safe to chew on. Its a great buy, worth the twenty bucks. Its better than buying a ton of cheap, toxic, ugly teethers. I would rather have a few good quality, safe toys for my princess.

Review #: 394
Date: 02 17, 2014
It's true something about this giraffe my baby loves.  He holds onto it and can chew it with assistance (he can't seem to aim right into his mouth on his own yet). But he really likes it!

Review #: 395
Date: 12 21, 2013
My kid didn't really take to this until she was about 3.5 - 4.5 monts old but she really likes it now.  Makes a great fit to parents of new borns...

Review #: 396
Date: 01 31, 2011
I was a skeptic at first but since he turned about 5 months, Sophie has been my son's favorite teething toy and we seldom leave the house without it. Easy to clean, but it does pick up dirt fairly easily. People have asked me if I bought a dog toy for him since it is rubbery and squeeks. He loves chewing on the ears and legs. Food grade paint so even though it shows some wear, I don't have to worry about him ingesting the chemicals. Overall, we are thrilled with this product.I wanted to address one concern. I previously read reviews about a choking hazard and was hesitant to buy based on that. My baby is always supervised with chew toys and after observing him, I'm guessing some people are mistaking gagging for choking. Babies naturally have a sensitive gag reflex, this is what keeps them from choking and makes those first meal times so much fun :) Once or twice he has gagged when he got extra eager with his chomping but the legs arent even close to going into his throat.The cost is ridiculous for a rubber chew toy, minus 1 star, but hopefully the prices will start to come down as more parents demand safer toys for their babies.

Review #: 397
Date: 09 5, 2013
I wanted to love this product and was excited to buy it when I became pregnant but am now hesitant to let my baby use it after reading about the recall in Europe. Apparently, as I understand it, their toxin standards of measurement are lower than ours so they have not been recalled here (apparently we are OK with low levels of nitrates in the toys our children put in their mouths, but Europeans are not...hmmm)...Be that as it may, toxins registering even CLOSE to a dangerous level made me nervous about using. After digging around online I did discover that the company claims to have changed the product after a certain date and lists manufacturing codes so you can check yours (those listed were made after a certain date and are said to be safer). Sadly mine was not made after the &#34;improved&#34; date but I could not return it because there was no formal recall in our country. I considered returning it and hunting for one with an approved manufacturing date but man that was just too much work. Bummed but not ready to take a risk with my baby.

Review #: 398
Date: 12 24, 2011
Don't buy into the hype. No teether is worth what this costs; even if it's made in France (and not China). Save your money because you can find simple teethers that serve the purpose or use a frozen wash cloth.

Review #: 399
Date: 11 5, 2011
This toy has grown on me as my daughter has now had it for about 6 months. It is great for when they are tiny. My 10 week old baby could hold this light toy on her own and make it squeak. She now gnaws on it to sooth her gums. I think it's a soothing toy to play with for kids who are not binky or thumb suckers. I love when I hear her squeaking it, it's almost her way of saying, "Hello, I'm here." Very cute. I have since given several Sophie's as baby shower gifts.One thing to note, this is not a hard plastic toy, it is soft and squishy and squeaks like a dog toy.

Review #: 400
Date: 02 11, 2011
Sophie is great!  My son loved this teether the moment it was out of the box and washed.  I'm so glad I listened to the reviews on here - it may be alot for a teether but it's worth it!

Review #: 401
Date: 02 12, 2014
babies love sofie&#8230;. so soothing to chew on&#8230;  one of my grandsons could not chew on sofie due to latex sensitivity&#8230;  but his brother can and he loves it!!!

Review #: 402
Date: 07 22, 2013
Even though it had amazing reviews and was featured in all the baby magazines and blogs, I avoided buying Sophie until right before we adopted our daughter because of its higher price tag and the fact that I thought it was a glorified dog toy (it's rubber, it squeaks, and yes my dog has always coveted it!). My husband thought I was nuts when I caved and gave in to all the hype, and we've never regretted it! Our daughter loved her from the beginning, and two and a half years later she can't bear to be separated from her "Soph Soph Bun Bun", her loving nickname for her "best friend And honeybun Sophie" (her words!). It's been loved on a lot and most of her spots are gone, but our daughter doesn't care and must nap and sleep with her. We bought one for our newborn daughter as well. I give Sophie to all my pregnant and expecting friends.

Review #: 403
Date: 05 19, 2011
I am very much disppointed with this product.. I heard so many compliments about this toy so I bought it for my 5 months old baby girl who needs some teethers.. but the paint came off.. I cannot believe how come baby product can be made this poorly..

Review #: 404
Date: 12 6, 2008
Initially, we fell in the camp of enthusiastic adorers of this toy. Baby learned to pass it from hand to hand, retrieve it when lost and gaze intently into the friendly face. Then he managed to stuff one of the long legs deep into his mouth and started to gag. The legs are exactly the size that can block airways. Since he was supervised, nothing bad happened, but babes at this age (4 months) don't have enough control to pull back the toy from their mouths when already scared by the gagging. I don't think I'll try again at a later date -- even older babes are still too young to be trusted to react correctly when a leg goes too far in.This toy has many thoughtful features -- no-slip texture, right-size for hands, light weight, soft (no banging on heads), friendly face and an engaging presence. But the legs can choke, which is why we've replaced it with a friendly velvet rocketship...

Review #: 405
Date: 07 25, 2012
My daughter received Sophie as a gift and immediately took to it. She loves chewing on the feet and the horns. She began playing with it at about 3 months and still gets lots of use out of it at 6 months with almost no apparent wear to the toy. It's expensive, but probably rates as her favorite toy and has brought her gums lots of relief. Buy this toy and be a hero!

Review #: 406
Date: 03 8, 2012
Yes, yes I was. I disbelieved everyone who said that Sophie was this magic toy... and it really is.  My four month old wasn't much a toy lover and was therefore hard to keep pleasant. She *loves* Sophie. She plays with her for much longer than any other toy. Its great.My husbands first reaction was, "Oh, I've seen that toy before" followed quickly by "It feels like a dog toy." And in that he is entirely correct. Sophie is made out of very soft, pliable rubber- very bendy and flexible.Besides being a little on the pricey side for a toy (and in my opinion worth every dollar)- Sophie is the perfect toy. And after reading on the box how Sophie is made and out of what materials, I can see why it isn't some cheap toy. The paint is food grade paint and the rubber is entirely safe for little mouths.If we lose her or my older boys get ahold of her and are too rough and break her, I plan on replacing her immediately.

Review #: 407
Date: 09 22, 2010
We just got this in today and my son loves it! He will be 4 months old in a week. It's easy for him to hold, he loves to look at it, and also likes the squeaky noises it makes. He loves holding it upside down and chewing on its feet and legs!:)

Review #: 408
Date: 02 22, 2013
My 4 month old would not take a pacifier or any other teether. She only wanted her giraffe. It reminds me of a dog's chew toy but my daughter loves it and that makes me happy. Worth every penny.

Review #: 409
Date: 05 26, 2010
I liked that Sophie was 100% natural rubber and safe for my twins to chew.  They did not, however, favor it over other toys to chew and therefore it was not worth the price.  I did like the smell, though; it reminded me of toys when I was a kid.

Review #: 410
Date: 11 5, 2010
Sophie is a hit in our house.  Even my 2yr old has noticed how much the baby loves this teether!  Last night when the baby was crying my older son specifically hunted out Sophie and brought her to the baby saying "Here you go, this always makes you happy!"  Very chewable, soft and washable I'm a fan even at this price point!

Review #: 411
Date: 09 16, 2010
We received this as a gift for my second child, but I can't imagine ever paying $20 for a stupid teether.  There is nothing special about it whatsoever.  I really don't understand what the hype is all about. It is soft, and cute and it squeaks, but there are other teethers that are soft and squeak. My son had no interest in it - he preferred chewing on his blankie or basically any teether we gave him. I gave Sophie to a friend and I don't think her daughter cared for it either. Save your money and just buy something else. Also, while my child never choked on the legs, I can see how that would be possible.

Review #: 412
Date: 10 15, 2010
this thing is great! my 5 month old gnaws on it for hours and loves the squeeking! some reviewers say it's a glorified dog toy...maybe so, but with the food safe paint for my babe to chew on compared to a dog toy...i'll pay the extra bucks and get the safest thing for him to have in his mouth. love this toy!!

Review #: 413
Date: 02 18, 2011
I really only bought this because they were so popular and wasn't really too sure if he would like it - but he does - it is really squeaky - even the mildest touch will have her making a noise so is perfect for wee babies.  It is just the right size too. He loves just holding her and staring at her wee face!

Review #: 414
Date: 03 28, 2011
I bought this for my daughter at 7-8 months, during a rough patch in her teething cycle. She was terrified of the squeaker at first, but now she squeaks it over and over and smiles every time. :) We say it's "Sophie talking". I was so happy to find a nice, safe, rubber teether. Very pleased with little Sophie!

Review #: 415
Date: 02 25, 2014
we love so pie, she is so cute. my baby loves to chew chew chew on her and she is so sweet

Review #: 416
Date: 03 12, 2013
My 1st child loved sophie (we received as a gift) so decided to splurge and get another for my 2nd baby. Is easy for little hands to hold on to. My 4 mo old already loves sophie too! Is pricey for a teether/toy but is worth every penny!

Review #: 417
Date: 02 16, 2013
Sophie is my 5 month old's best friend. She is able to easily grasp the neck and legs, and chews on whatever part she can get in her mouth. This is on my baby shower gift idea list for life!

Review #: 418
Date: 10 18, 2010
I can't speak for the baby on this one as she isn't born yet, so I don't know how satisfactory this product is as a teether but as a parent, I really like its shape, color contrast and simplicity. It squeaks when you squeeze it so it functions as a basic toy as well as a teether with contrasting surfaces for sensitive gums without being too hard or too soft. And the giraffe's spots seem like an easy contrast for a baby to recognize. Its bigger than I thought it would be but now that I think about it, this is probably a good thing because it will be easier for her to hold onto the giraffe and harder to lose.The only thing I'm not crazy about is the initial smell, which I'm hoping will fade in time. The packaging suggests wiping with a warm rag and not rinsing or sanitizing heavily, which I'm not sure how I feel about yet. The reviews for this products were very positive and its been on the market for a long time so I've got a lot of faith that this will be a good teether and toy for my daughter.In ordering from Amazon, Sophie the Giraffe arrived within a week, in clean original packaging and in perfect condition so I have no complaints about that. I know its available from other retailers (I believe she's sold at Babies R Us too) but I ordered through Amazon because I was ordering other products for the nursery that were not available anywhere else and figured Amazon would be more reliable for such a popular product- guess I was right!**UPDATE** 8/15/2012My daughter is no longer teething but when she did, this was an excellent teether for her! Her chubby hands were able to grab onto it because Sophie is so long, its flexible so my daughter couldn't poke herself in the eye with one of Sophie's horns or legs and she loved making Sophie squeak! I've bought and recommended this teether for all of my friends who've gotten pregnant after me and its been a big hit! Easy to clean, gender-neutral and the babies really do love it!My daughter will be 2 in October and she still occasionally plays with Sophie- its a great travel/car toy!

Review #: 419
Date: 02 21, 2011
Sophie is great - our 4-month old LOVES to chew on her!  She likes her squeakiness too :-)  Expensive, but WELL worth it!

Review #: 420
Date: 11 26, 2012
I received this as a baby gift and have since ordered and gifted them to everyone I know that has babies.  Kids love Sophie!  My son is 16.5 months old and still plays with her!  She goes everywhere with us.  He had no issues with her choking him, or getting stuck like I've heard some complain about.  The smell washes off if you wash her in water.  She's easy to clean, but the squeak will go away until dry.  She's an easy teether and so easy to bring with.  Its on my list of go to baby gifts!

Review #: 421
Date: 02 7, 2013
My son loves Sophie, I was a little shocked when I realized she squeaks like a dog toy, but my 4 month old LOVES her and her squeaking, so I love her and her squeaking.  Sophie is lightweight and easy for my son's small hands to handle.  I would definitely recommend this item and I would purchase again from this seller.

Review #: 422
Date: 04 26, 2013
My son loves it. He almost eats it lol. Our son got this from his grandparents when he was 5 months. He is now 8 months n he still enjoys it on top of other toys. But i guess this is a pricey option.

Review #: 423
Date: 08 26, 2013
This seems so overpriced for what it is but for some reason babies go nuts for it.  I avoided buying as I thought it was too expensive but she always picked up her &#34;friends&#34; sophie when she saw it so I went ahead and bought it with a long plane ride coming up for a special treat. she loves it.

Review #: 424
Date: 12 10, 2013
Great feel, great squeek, great quality, great story...Sophie is just great all around. My little man loves her...even though in public I do feel a little odd asking my son &#34;here honey baby, do you want your Sophie doll&#34;? Hubs wanted to rename her to a boy name....but that would ruin Sophie's legacy. My son played with her up to about a year old..I'll be saving her forever in my keepsake box.

Review #: 425
Date: 01 20, 2014
A wonderful toy! My baby loved this one, it was quite chew-able. We 'lost' it once junior figured out that squeezing it over and over (and over) again drives mommy out of the room. Be warned: it is a squeaky toy.

Review #: 426
Date: 09 16, 2009
When I first got Sophie in the mail, I had some buyers remorse because it did seem like a glorified dog toy.  As soon as I gave to to my 5 month old son he loved it!  It is by far the toy he plays with the most!  He is teething but I think he would like it anyway because it is so easy to grab and squeak!  My husband thinks that Sophie is too girly of a name for a boy toy so he insists that we call him Jerry.  It is really funny.  This toy is on the expensive side but I have to say that it is really worth it!

Review #: 427
Date: 04 1, 2011
At first, I wondered if this product was going to be worth the price. I considered it a little steep, but since every baby seems to have one, I didn't want my daughter to be left out. I soon realized that Sophie was a must have. The head and teeth make for GREAT teethers and the noise keeps her occupied in the car. When her teeth hurt, this is her go to toy! I know Sophie has saved us all some tears.

Review #: 428
Date: 06 22, 2012
I got Sophie for my baby when she was 3 months old, she is 7 already and still loves it, and others kids who see the Giraffe also get crazy for it!

Review #: 429
Date: 06 26, 2013
Pros:  my son loves to chew on and squeak SophieCons: my dog believes Sophie is one of his squeak toysBe prepared to make your kid happy and your dog crazy.

Review #: 430
Date: 05 5, 2012
Great product. Very happy about this purchase. Easy to handle for small hands. Easy to wash. Other rubber toys that we purchased have much more stickier surface and need frequent cleaning. This one doesn't.

Review #: 431
Date: 04 2, 2012
My son is teething and loves chewing on sophie! He loves her head and legs lol they seem to reach all the spots that are hurting him :)Thanks for this toy..I love it!!

Review #: 432
Date: 12 10, 2012
I bought this for my son because I had heard so much about it. To be honest he could have cared less about it. My dogs loved the squeeky noise more than my kid.

Review #: 433
Date: 08 7, 2013
I had put Sophie on my registry, but no one purchased it (I'm guessing the high cost). I knew that I wanted it after reading the reviews, so I purchased it before my baby was even born. My husband thought I was crazy for spending 20 dollars on a little giraffe toy, but he later realized that it was twenty dollars well spent. When I saw my son starting to put objects into his mouth, I knew it was time for the Sophie. This toy has become his favorite toy. No matter where I go, I make sure I have Sophie. It will keep him distracted and entertained for a good time. So in conclusion, bite the bullet and buy Sophie. You'll be very glad that you did.

Review #: 434
Date: 08 21, 2009
This is my son's second favorite toy.  (His absolute favorite is ScratchEurope's Chicken Ball.)  Sophie is the more portable toy, though, and a good shape and size to be tucked into my purse, the diaper bag, the baby sling, wherever..  The boy is at that stage where *everything* goes in his mouth - including lots of things I'd prefer didn't.  However, whenever he goes for something he shouldn't have he can always be distracted away by Sophie.  She's just that good for little mouths.  A++ times a million.

Review #: 435
Date: 07 22, 2013
I bought this because I heard so many great things about it. So I broke down and bought it for my 9 month old daughter. She hasn't touched it once. Don't waste the $$$ on one little toy. Lesson learned.

Review #: 436
Date: 06 14, 2013
I saw Sophie all over the place when my first was a baby.  Many of my friends had one for their children, and I thought about getting one, but then I saw the price.  I kept thinking, &#34;No way am I going to pay over 20 bucks for a teething toy.&#34;  The oldest grew into a toddler, and he never had Sophie.  I had number two, and Sophie was still everywhere.  I started thinking that there must be something to this &#34;magical giraffe toy&#34; or it wouldn't be so popular.  I finally broke down and ordered one, and I'm so glad I did.  The baby LOVES this toy.  It's his favorite of all of them, and he's got a lot of toys.  We take her everywhere.  I ordered this one as a gift for a friend's baby, and I hear that it's his favorite as well.  I recommend this to everyone with babies.

Review #: 437
Date: 06 18, 2014
My baby loves this toy.I give this toy as a baby gift to anyone I know doesn't have it. I have yet to come across a baby who owns this toy that doesn't love it. It has such a nice texture and such a nice little squeaker in it. My little one loves to chew on her ears and legs. It seems to appeal to him that just the lightest grip will make a nice light squeak as well. Perfect shape for little hands to grip.Great product.

Review #: 438
Date: 10 14, 2013
I cannot say enough good things about Sophie. My son adores this toy and will sit and chew on it for much longer than he will chew on any other teething toy. She is soft, fun to squeak, and has many different areas where baby can hold and chew. We've been using consistently for about 4 months and he's still not tired of it. Highly recommend!

Review #: 439
Date: 07 8, 2013
He loved this toy and wanted to take it everywhere with him.  I didn't know it was a squeaky toy, but it was really cute to hear him going crazy on her little foot!  I would recommend this to anybody with a small baby.... even if you think he/she is too little, you will be surprised how they can hold on to her.

Review #: 440
Date: 06 10, 2011
But then my daughter got attached to Sophie! She loves chewing on her ear nubs and her legs. She can easily hold Sophie by the neck or legs and can pick her up and put any part in her mouth. Great even before baby cuts teeth--just a wonderful toy to chew on! We haven't had any issues with chocking or anything--I never leave my daughter unattended and she's never stuck Sophie so far in her mouth that it gets stuck. We had Sophie for a few months and my daughter had finally learned to squeeze her to made her squeak, when I decided she needed to be cleaned. I didn't have the box so I didn't know the rules about cleaning Sophie--I put her in a Medela steamer bag with very little water, but I think between the water and the microwave (or only a minute), something happened and Sophie lost her squeak. I was upset and felt so bad. I waited a few days for her to dry out but the squeak never came back. I emailed the company and asked if they could swap her out, and I sent them a video of my daughter enjoying Sophie. They were really sweet and offered to send us a new one and told me that no water can get i her and to just cover up the hole with my finger when scrubbing her.Great toy made by a great company! I'm thrilled we now have 2--one for home, one for the car! Yes, it's a pricey toy, but it's totally worth it. Had we gotten the second one for free I still would have bought another.

Review #: 441
Date: 12 22, 2009
I was on the fence about buying this toy due to its price, but one day I went shopping at the farmer's market and EVERY baby had one. So I thought, heck, all these kids like it, why not give it a shot? And you know what- my daughter does like it! It smells rubbery (not plasticky) but that doesn't seem to dissuade the little ones. It has many parts that are easy for little hands to grip (all the legs and the neck), and good places of harder rubber to chew (the ears and whatever those little vestigial horns are between the ears), and it even squeaks like old-school dog toys. What's not to love? Just the price!

Review #: 442
Date: 11 6, 2013
I bought this after reading all the amazing reviews and after researching it on the Sophie the Giraffe website. Well I spend the $20 and bought the darn giraffe. My daughter doesn't seem to care for it. I do realize all babies are different-so mine, like a few others, didn't like Sophie. The only attention is gets is when we squeak it and our dog jumps up to find it. Cute toy, soft and seems durable. Smaller than I originally thought it would be.

Review #: 443
Date: 01 17, 2010
I knew I wanted to get this teether before my baby was even born.  I saw many reviews and I thought, what a great idea for a teether.  The great thing it is not hard plastic (it is much like a squeaky dog toy) soft.  My now 7 month old daughter loves knawing on this. She loves the legs the best.  Most moms stop me and want to know where I got it as well.

Review #: 444
Date: 03 13, 2010
My son loves this and he can easily grip it himself.  Which is great as he's becoming his own little person and wants to hold things himself.  He can chew on the head, legs and feet.  I never leave home without it as it too keeps him occupied in the dreaded carseat.

Review #: 445
Date: 06 10, 2013
I don't know what it is about this thing, but my daughter loves it. It is the first toy she has been interested in and will look at and try to grab. She is 2 1/2 months. Can't wait to see how it works when she is teething.

Review #: 446
Date: 10 11, 2008
My 5 month old daughter LOVES her Sophie the Giraffe toy!  This toy is absolutely wonderful in every way.  Sophie is made of soft rubber and makes a pleasant-sounding squeak whenever any part of her body is squeezed, so even a young baby can elicit a reaction from the toy with minimal effort.I don't know what it is about Sophie, but whenever my daughter plays with her, she gets very vocal and talkative.I saw another review which referred to this toy as "a glorified dog toy".  That reviewer is mistaken, and simply doesn't realize the value of this toy.- Sophie's body, while soft, has several areas of thicker rubber (the nubs on her head, her ears, and her feet) which are perfect for teething babies to gnaw on for relief.- Sophie's contrasting colors (spots) are visually stimulating to a baby.- She is easy to grip given her long, thin neck.- This toy is made of 100% natural rubber and uses food-grade paint (SAFE!).- This is a quality baby toy which will last for many years.I would much rather pay $20 for a safe, engaging toy for my baby, than pay $5 for some piece of junk with lead paint.

Review #: 447
Date: 04 1, 2013
I love everything about this tether, and my son does too. She's cute, soft, and squeaky. Some may be turned off by the price, but she is worth it!

Review #: 448
Date: 06 27, 2013
I don't know what exactly it is about this little critter, but my 6-month old loves it! All I have to do is squeak it and she smiles and grabs for it. She loves teething on its legs as they are the perfect size for her right now.Word of caution: Dogs seem to love the squeaky feature, too! Be careful! My pets are just itching to get their teeth into it.

Review #: 449
Date: 05 26, 2013
Our 6-mo old baby absolutely loves Sophie. She's just learning how to toss it around and get it to squeak. She chews on Sophie's head and feet all about the same amount.

Review #: 450
Date: 01 7, 2013
My 4 month old son absolutely LOVES his Sophie!! He gets so excited when he makes it squeak! It's a great little toy to throw in the diaper bag or carseat, and keeps him occupied for lengthy amounts of time. We don't leave home without our Sophie!

Review #: 451
Date: 01 11, 2010
Yes, I am essentially writing a love letter to a rubber squeaky Giraffe. There are a few things my baby and I use everyday, and would be a little lost without. Sophie is one of those things. I am a new mom, and one of those people that has to read every review and weight out all of the pros and cons, so I knew what to expect from Sophie before we received her.The Cons:She is basically a dog toy.Some people were concerned she might be a choking hazard(?).The squeaker stops working if you get it wet.She smells like natural rubber.Some children are not interested in her.Sometimes the spots can start to wear off.She is not cheap.This toy has been on the market for over 50 years and is considered safe, so that addresses the possible choking hazard issue, and the other complaints are open to individual interpretation. Despite the price tag we decided to give Sophie a chance. I am so glad we did. So now here is the love letter part.Dear Sophie,We love you, you french vixen! The first day I took you out of the box and washed you(keeping a finger over the squeaker!), I found that you were constructed better than expected. Sturdy, durable, slightly textured, soft rubber. You are BPA, PVC, and Phthalate free. SAFE!!! Your spots and large eyes were very attractive! Your rubber smell was definitely noticeable, but it wasn't a bad smell, its kind of sweet. I actually liked it(the smell has faded)and my son seems to like it too. I showed you to my three month old, and gave you a squeak. The rest is history. His face lit up with immediate interest. His other teething toys are heavy, hard to hold onto, and frustrating because he can't get them all the way into his mouth for a really satisfying chew. You Sophie however, are light weight, flexible, and have a nice shape making you easy to hold on to. My son can chew on your soft legs and head for hours without hurting his sensitive little gums. He easily passes you from hand to hand, and actively works to pick you up once he has droped you. You are also the only toy he can squeak on his own, making you even more appealing. What's not to love? When my son is given a choice between toys you win out every time, and are never more than a few feet away. You are easy to clean(a wet cloth or wipe is all it takes), durable, and highly entertaining. On more than one occasion in public(several restaurants, 2 holidays at the in-laws, a movie theater, the Borders Cafe last night, ect., ect., ect.) a level ten melt down has been avoided by your sudden appearance and friendly squeak. In fact we just purchased a back up so you can be at home and in the diaper bag, because we would be in trouble if we lost you. Thanks for being so great Sophie, and looking forward to many more adventures together.&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3

Review #: 452
Date: 07 6, 2011
This teether is just like any other teether--but it's 4 times the price. My daughter actually prefers many of the also safe (BPA-free, etc.) $5 teethers we own. I don't feel comfortable leaving her alone with the giraffe, since the legs are long and pointy, and thus are a choking hazard. Therefore, I can't use it in the car seat when I'm driving, since I'm not supervising her. Basically, this was a complete waste of money. Don't be a fool like I was--save your money!

Review #: 453
Date: 11 24, 2009
This teether is not only safe (free of chemicals, etc) but it serves the purpose better than any other teether out there! It is easy to hold for baby, it is easy to reach any area of baby's gums (by teething on a leg for the back of the gums, an ear for the front of the gums, etc) and the material is on the softer side-unlike most teethers which seem to be too tough....and the giraffe is cute for a boy or a girl! we lost our first one at the zoo and just bought a second. our baby loves it so much, we gladly paid the $20 again to bring her much needed relief from teething pain. thank you so much vulli! this will be a gift i give at all future baby showers.

Review #: 454
Date: 05 27, 2013
My baby girl loves this giraffe.  I bought the The First Years Star Teething Blanket, she likes the noise but still loves to hold this giraffe. Yes it does have the rubber smell to it.  No matter how you washed. I've soaked in the water over night and the smell still there.  I don't know if it's good or bad. But we go everywhere with it.  It is a great fit in her hand.

Review #: 455
Date: 10 2, 2013
I'm not sure what the fad was about Sophie, but we caved in for our 3rd and bought it. Our daughter loves Sophie. It does squeak - something I didn't know when I bought it - but that is one of our daughter's favorite parts. We have to fight the dog to leave it alone, but our daughter loves her Sophie.

Review #: 456
Date: 07 2, 2012
My three month started teething right at 3 months and I've been on the search for a good teether for him as he won't use any that I've given him.  Vulli is the only one he will use.  Vulli is made of rubber so it's softer on his gums.  He does have a little hard time manuevering her right now as he's still small but he can manage to get Vulli's ears and top of head in his mouth.  I also find that he loves to squeak it too.  Now saying that, and as many people who have pointed out, it will defintely atract your dogs so beware.  My lab and bulldog were following us and wherever Vulli went.  After a few days of reminding my furry kids that the toy was my baby's and not theirs they finally left it alone but I must admit, its definitely a dog magnet.  However, my dogs are well behaved and after a few times telling them "no", they got it.  Even when my little guy drops it on the floor they leave it alone.  All in all, I would say defintely pay the money for this teether even with the price sales tag.  I will defintely be buying more Vulli gear.  By the way, don't waste your money on the other teethers, just buy this.  You won't be sorry.

Review #: 457
Date: 06 4, 2009
I JUST got this in the mail.  Very cute toy.  My nearly one year old daughter likes the squeaker.  But so does the dog!  She's getting teeth in almost every month so this will come in handy.  I love the background story that was included.

Review #: 458
Date: 05 10, 2013
I dragged my feet to buy this because I figured the popularity was all hype. Nope. This toy really is a life-saver during teething and worthy of all the attention it is getting.

Review #: 459
Date: 02 20, 2010
Although I don't regret buying Sophie, she's overpriced and my daughter preferred the other Vulli teethers to Sophie. I think Sophie might be cuter and more acceptable looking, but the other ones are built better than Sophie.

Review #: 460
Date: 12 29, 2009
I honestly bought Sophie expecting her to be some cute little giraffe I'd end up putting on the shelf because while cute, my child had no interest. But I was wrong! Sophie is a big hit! (In fact, my 2 year old is so jealous of his little brother's new toy! He wants one now!) My 5 month old loves Sophie. She is a soothing miracle around here. (The first night he had her, he was in his crib with her. I heard my son awake and start his pre-fussing moving about. I heard a little Sophie squeak and realized my son had grabbed Sophie and soothed himself BACK TO SLEEP with her. I peeked in at him clutching little Sophie while soundly back asleep!) If you or anyone in your family has latex allergies or sensitivities, avoid Sophie. She has a very strong latex odor, but we still adore her!

Review #: 461
Date: 01 18, 2012
After seeing so many babies with Sophie I just had to get one to see if all the hype was valid. My 4 month old LOVES it! She gnawes on it and is able to get it in her mouth better than any other toy. She often gets frustrated with other toys because she can't get them in her mouth the way she wants. She never gets frustrated or bored with Sophie. She doesn't really squeak it much which is good because it sounds exactly like a dog toy. I also got the Sophie with the handles on it just for some variety but although she likes it she prefers the original Sophie. I've heard nothing but awesome things about Sophie and I agree!

Review #: 462
Date: 01 4, 2013
For our first child i refused to buy the $22 plastic giraffe that was so &uuml;ber trendy. However with our second my husband (a second child himself) decided our son needed something that wasn't a hand me down pre-chewed toy. He decided this would be Sophie. EVERYONE loves her!  Our 3 month old lights up when he sees his giraffe. It was the first toy he was really able to grasp and hold onto long enough to bring to his mouth and start sucking on. There isn't much new to add to the other reviews...easy to grasp, bpa/phalate free, cute, lightweight so easy to throw in a bag...only negative is that the squeaker is surprisingly loud, but our son doesn't seem to mind. Overall, we love sophie and will definitely keep her on the front of the toy basket.

Review #: 463
Date: 12 1, 2011
I hate to this review. But Sophie betrayed us. My daughter loves her so much, she has been sucking and chewing at every parts of it for the last 8 months. It is one of her favorite toy. Vulli claims that it is safe with food paint and no plastic just rubber.I didn't know Sophie was forbidden in Germany, and also in France she is only allowed because she is not considered a "sucker" toy like a pacifier. Because if she was, she would not be allowed because of the petroleum substances she contains. It has been shown by a study released yesterday in France, that the nitrosamines she contains is released in contact of saliva, substance known to cause cancer.I was so happy for my daughter to have a toy from my home country, now I feel guilty to have let her chew at it so much. I would avoid Sophie since when played with she is 90% of the time in contact with the mouth.[...]

Review #: 464
Date: 01 24, 2014
I heard a lot of hype about this teether but thought it was over priced and overrated...UNTIL I TRIED IT FOR MY DAUGHTER!  She loves it and it really lives up to the stellar reputation it has!

Review #: 465
Date: 10 7, 2012
We've had Sophie since our son was born, and showed it to him occasionally since then.  Finally, at about 4 months old he showed an interest, and by 4.5 months it was his favorite chew toy.  He will turn 5 months tomorrow, and his interest shows no signs of fading.  We have plenty of toys for him to chew on, but he always prefers Sophie.  Currently he loves chewing on the ears the best, but has also recently started chewing on the legs.  The squeak is pleasant, not too loud or high pitched.  The body is soft and hollow (easy to hold on to), while the legs and ears are more solid, and each provides a different tactile experience.  In my opinion Sophie is worth the price since she keeps my son content for up to 20 minutes at a time (a lot for a 4 month old!), and I know all of the materials are safe.  I think he will appreciate Sophie even more once he starts teething.

Review #: 466
Date: 02 22, 2013
I had heard about these teethers (all the good things) and was excited to splurge on my little one since he seemed to be very into chewing on things. I had never seen one in person, so I was a little surprised how small and dog-toy-ish it seemed. But, I went with it and gave it to little one to see how he liked it.The appeal lasted a few minutes and then it was equal to all other things to chew on. I also read some of the reviews about the choking hazard of the leg and was then too worried to let him chew on it without constant supervision (no I don't leave my baby alone). It was also a little over stimulating for our dog (who is a chill dog most of the time) and a little to squeaky sounding for my ears as well.For the price I was not impressed. I guess I'm not sure how it became so popular - there are better toys out there for babies. But, maybe your baby will love it like others I've known. If it was a gift I probably would have kept it :)

Review #: 467
Date: 03 26, 2013
our baby chomps on this giraffe all the time. the squeaker is pretty loud, but so far he hasn't been able to squeak it himself, so he's not driving us crazy with it.

Review #: 468
Date: 01 30, 2013
I lost the baby bet and had to buy Sophie for the baby.  He is only 6 weeks old and loves this toy!  Was in a nice presentation box.

Review #: 469
Date: 07 31, 2013
I ended up getting this toy since I have heard such good things from it that I just had to get it for my 2 month old. He loves it so far! It so adorable and cute! Very soft and good teether also.

Review #: 470
Date: 10 7, 2009
This is our 7 month old sons favorite toy.  I must admit, at first he didn't care much for it.  Now it is by far his favorite.  He is always reaching out for it when placed on the floor with other toys.  The neck and feet are great places for him to grab it.  He likes to chew on the ears.  It's easy to wash which is a huge plus for me.  Great buy!

Review #: 471
Date: 05 9, 2011
Our little guy is teething early and Sophie is easy for him to "hug" and chew, since he is only 3 months and still working on the fine motor skills.  She is big enough that he can wrap his arm around her and chew away.  He loves the contrast between the skin and the spots and smiles when we pull her out.Cute squeek too!  He has already learned to hug her tight to get a little squeek.Just not sure how to clean her, using soap and warm water, but the directions were a bit ambiguous on the proper technique.

Review #: 472
Date: 11 26, 2013
Ok, if someone would have asked me a year ago if I would spend $20 on a sqeaky toy for my son, I would have said "Hell no." But desperate times call for desperate measures, and this little Giraffe really is all its cracked up to be. When my son started teething at 3 months we were caught off guard. The poor little guy just could not be soothed. He hated the cold cloth and screamed when I tried to put the orajel on there, but some how this little giraffe would distract him and he would chew away on it. Now he is 6 months and will be occupied for quite a long time with it. He really does just love it. I am not sure exactly what it is, but it is magic in the form of a rubber giraffe! And I really do think he is worth the money (we have renamed ours Richard :). It is not some cheap plastic toy with God knows what chemicals in it made with cheap labor in China so it only cost $3.75. It is made with natural rubber (that really does smell amazing) in small batches by employees that get a living wage. So I will pay the extra money for that magical giraffe and give it as a gift at every baby shower I ever go to.

Review #: 473
Date: 02 26, 2013
As simple as this teether seems, my 6 month old really likes it compared to other teethers.  Only problem is that it looks and squeaks like a dog toy, so its driving the dog nuts that he cant have it.

Review #: 474
Date: 06 10, 2013
I don't know what it is about this thing. It seems everyone has them. Yet I refused to pay almost $20 for a teether for my first kid. The second kid comes and I thought I'd finally splurge and see what all the hype is about it. I'll tell you what. My son, LOVES this thing. I have about 6 teethers. And the second I hold the giraffe in his reach, his arms reach out so fast and he snags it from me. (Starting at about 6 months). He's now 8 months and is still doing it. If he's upset, I'll hand over the giraffe and he's happy again. So yeah, I highly recommend spending $8000 on this fabulous giraffe friend. I even renamed mine, since I have a boy. :)

Review #: 475
Date: 01 4, 2014
We've had the same one for both kids and she's survived dishwashers, accidental dog-chewings and other mishaps. Both kids loved it, and I like that it's not plastic like most baby toys. They love to chew on the ears and feet, and it was worth the money. Just don't lose it!

Review #: 476
Date: 09 26, 2011
Seeing the glowing review on Amazon, I caved in to the hype and bought 1 for my daughter when she was a few months old (she's now nearly 2).  She enjoyed it and played with it for a while and as with any kids toy, it is now sitting in the closet of "forgotten friends".  I don't regret purchasing it, but one thing I want to note is that the color all faded away within a few months of use.  Sophie is now an albino giraffe...

Review #: 477
Date: 09 2, 2010
My son LOVES his Sophie.  He carries her everywhere, and is constantly chewing on her.  I give one to all my new mommy friends now!

Review #: 478
Date: 07 18, 2010
This toy is good teether and it make a funny sound. We introduced it to our baby at 2 month and till now (8.5 month) she still laugh when she see it and bite it too. The most important thing is that it is a french hand made, so no china here :)

Review #: 479
Date: 06 7, 2011
First one we got, cane NIP with paint coming off the horns. I exchanged it, second one is okay. I contacted the company who said that it's totally normal, and that with normal use the paint will peel off and be eaten by baby....which is safe since it's based in mineral oil.....not crazy about my baby eating paint! My son loves it, so I'm just watching the second one for peeling paint.

Review #: 480
Date: 01 14, 2014
i could sit there all day squeaking it.  baby loved it from the get go... great texture and parts for teething and easy grip with the neck.  too bad my little guy threw him overboard while in the stroller... unbeknownst to the adult present :(

Review #: 481
Date: 01 20, 2010
Ok, to be honest I thought I had lost my mind to order this. I mean, really, isn't it just a teether. I was convinced by the lack of chemicals (BPA-free) . . . especially for something I KNOW the baby will be chewing on.What I did not expect was it to get rave reviews in my house already. I am currently pregnant and got it for the baby. However, my 2 year old happens to think it is the best thing ever. I have no idea why. Taste?? Texture?? Smell?? I do not know, but he is just entranced with it at 2??Needless to say, I now have 2 $25 teethers and am happy with both of them. It really is a toy that your baby will love. I have no idea why, but as long as it can entertain and soothe, I am not going to question it. I have already sent 1 to a friend as well (which I guess makes 3 orders), because it really is THAT good.

Review #: 482
Date: 12 13, 2011
My two year old still loves Sophie!!  She used it as a teether and loved it because it was easy to grasp and it has so many plcces to chew on.  The rubber is nice and soft and the squeak is super entertaining.  I was hesitant at first because of the price and thought it CRAZY to spend so much but I am glad that I did. The hype about Sophie is genuine....it is a great teether and the only one she ever really used as a baby.

Review #: 483
Date: 04 25, 2013
I got this because my daughter always plays with our friends and she loves it. She does not use it as a teether, but we just had our second child and I am sure he will!! Love Sophie!!

Review #: 484
Date: 03 18, 2014
we love sophie. all of our kids used her. one was found melted in a toy chest so i guess maybe it got hot in there in the summer? not sure what happened but we happily replaced her.

Review #: 485
Date: 12 18, 2012
I caught my wife secretly squeezing the toy one night when I thought it was our little baby squeezing it! She said she was &#34;testing&#34; the item but I know she just liked playing with it :-)Actually this is a wonderful baby product, for teething or not. Our baby gets frustrated with other similar ball toys for teething, but he loves this toy. He can hold the legs down near his tummy and the neck is long enough to still reach his mouth. Or he can hold the body and gnaw on the legs. There are many different ways to hold it and I like that it still squeaks no matter where you grip it (but not an annoying non-stop squeak).I would definitely recommend this to anyone! If you found my review helpful, please let me know, and be sure to check out my other baby-related reviews to see other products our baby loves or hates.

Review #: 486
Date: 12 16, 2012
good sizechallenge baby to chew it in many waysthe sound could be not that strong but is acceptablelegs and head are perfect to chewneck perfect to grabbaby smiles every time I show girafe

Review #: 487
Date: 04 12, 2012
What can be said that hasn't been said before?  There is a reason why this toy is so popular.  There are many shapes for the baby to chew on, satisfying wherever he/she want to reach with it.  The legs are particularly nice to reach the molars.

Review #: 488
Date: 01 2, 2014
My daughter likes this toy but she doesn't love it.  She'll basically chew on it for 30 secs and then drop it, about the same with other teething toys.  I think this toy is overpriced unless your child loves it.

Review #: 489
Date: 12 5, 2012
This thing is the best. I accidentally broke the little squeak mechanism which turned out to be a good thing. My child would not put this thing down, finally after a few months of taking it everywhere, it is now in its final resting place, probably under a pile of leaves in the park. Bless its soul. Great for teething, and very pleasant looking animal.

Review #: 490
Date: 04 5, 2013
Sophie is very cute, but this was not my baby's first choice when teething.  May not be worth the price - but it is a cute toy!

Review #: 491
Date: 01 15, 2013
It's a really good teether. My son always chews on it and seems to play a lot with that toy. It's very practical and easy to bring everywhere.

Review #: 492
Date: 03 16, 2013
This is also a must have, I don't know what it is about this toy, but they can't go without it.  The love the face and the neck to hold onto.  Also it is great for chewing on.  If you only buy one toy, this is it.

Review #: 493
Date: 07 24, 2013
My 10-month-old likes it enough, but I'm not sure I'd spend $15 on this again.  It's good material and all, but it really is just a plastic Giraffe.

Review #: 494
Date: 09 4, 2013
It's cute, it's easy to hold. It squeaks. My baby loves it. She is almost 4 months old and just started playing with it. She is a very grabby, active baby and is chewing on everything she can get. Sophi works very well. I think it is pretty expensive for a baby toy, but it's been really helpful so far. I have given this as a gift a few times as well.

Review #: 495
Date: 01 23, 2012
Totally worth the steep price tag. My son chewed on Sophie from about 3 months to 9 months. We got a lot of use out of it.

Review #: 496
Date: 07 9, 2013
This has been a go-to gift for all newborn babies that I hear of through baby announcements.  I respond with this gift and am always pleased to hear how much the recipient appreciates the item.  It's safe, substantial, and keeps the baby occupied with all the different ways to hold the toy.  A winner!

Review #: 497
Date: 11 29, 2012
We bought Sophie for our three month old son who seemed to always be drooly and we assumed he was teething. He still doesn't have his first tooth all the way in, but it is getting close to breaking the gumline at four months. He has gotten better with hand-eye coordination and is getting more use out of Sophie now that he's older. Our son does get one leg in his mouth from time to time, but with parental supervision, it is not a concern of mine that he would actually choke on the product. The rubbery smell is something that is unique - definitely none of his other toys have that - but I wouldn't say that the unique smell is a selling feature.I'd wait to buy Sophie until the hand-eye coordination is at a grasping level, but it's a hit with our boy so far!

Review #: 498
Date: 05 22, 2011
Maybe it is incredibly soothing to teething babies...I don't know. I was talked into spending a ridiculous amount of money for what looks and sounds like a dog toy. I wouldn't have even minded the price if it was something that my baby just couldn't resist. Unfortunately, no matter how much I encouraged her to play with this thing, she just wasn't interested in the least. She would much rather chew on my silicone cell phone cover. Maybe that's not the most constructive thing for her to chew on, but it has definitely provided her more relief and entertainment than Sophie ever has.

Review #: 499
Date: 08 20, 2013
My baby loves to chomp on this thing. Hubby said it was &#34;an over rated squeaky dog toy&#34; but something about it really does help teething! Maybe the natural rubber or food paint?

Review #: 500
Date: 09 8, 2009
After hearing endless rave reviews about Sophie, I purchased one through Amazon.  You would've thought it was handcrafted, shipping from France--I had to wait more then 2 weeks for the rubber giraffe to arrive.  Our 5 month old boy likes holding it, but makes a grimacing face when he puts it in his mouth.  This child, as most babies will put  anything in his mouth.  I've tried washing the Giraffe, in hopes that our baby would find it more pleasing.  Don't waste your money.  As it turns out, our baby prefers the taste of the rubber, portable handles that OX makes for shopping bags for fraction of the price.

Review #: 501
Date: 08 31, 2011
All French babies have a giraffe Sophie, and this since years ! I had my own 40 years ago. It is still a hit and my daughter - who received it as a gift from an aunt - loves it ! I'm also glad to know it's natural hevea and safe (by European standards, so really safe) alimentary paint.

Review #: 502
Date: 10 21, 2013
This is an absolute must for a teething baby. Dogs love it too! ;) We bought Sophie for my now 3 year old and he still plays with her. The paint fades I've time but it's not a big deal. As with any toy, babies should be supervised while playing/chewing.It is not advised that you put this in the microwave or a sterilizer to clean. Just wipe with soapy water (do not submerge) or use a disinfecting wipe.The shape of Sophie is one of the best things about this toy. Smaller babies, with less control, have an easier time holding onto it. My children start teething at 3 months or earlier so that is very important to me.

Review #: 503
Date: 02 8, 2011
Sophie is great!  The material is perfect for teething babies.  Good that it's flexible and soft (for when they bang themselves in the head/face).  She's the perfect height/shape to go in baby's mouth so she can chew on it.  And, the squeak is cute (not annoying).

Review #: 504
Date: 05 20, 2013
I didn't realize that this teether squeaks. I'm sure the reviews mention it, but I didn't even look into it, since everybody has one of these. The squeak is particularly bad since our dog thinks it's a toy for her (and who can blame her). Our 5 month old hasn't really enjoyed this teether so far, but maybe that will change as he gets older. At this point, I wouldn't recommend it.

Review #: 505
Date: 11 22, 2013
To start, I noticed that a lot of people have complained that they received fake Sophies. I'm pretty sure we got a real one, and my son really does love to chew on it. He's 7 months old, and has been using it off and on since he was about 3.5 months old.My son is not allergic to latex, but we have been told to use "latex precautions" with him, since he is at risk for developing the allergy. So, my biggest complaint is that Sophie does contain latex, in fact, she's made of latex. When I purchased this on Amazon as a new mum, I was sleep deprived and it didn't even occur to me that this toy was made of rubber (read: latex). I also didn't realize that it squeaks (which is a big no no around our dog). With the squeaking, Sophie ended up being a car/stroller only toy. Since baby boy loves her so much, it would break my heart to take her away completely, and I guess I feel a little better about the latex with much more limited exposure. I really wish it had been more clear up front when I purchased it, though. I would never have given this toy to my son.All that said, baby boy's eyes totally light up when he sees Sophie, especially if it's been a few days. The legs and feet are the perfect size for teething. He also loves to chew on her ears and horns. It is a great teether, just not for us.

Review #: 506
Date: 02 3, 2011
DS loves his Sophie and is very vocal while gnawing on her.  The material is good but like others have said it's very comparable to a dog toy...and it's even been mistaken for one!!  The legs are too long in my opinion and DS has gagged on them when he sticks Sophie in his mouth too far.  I really dislike the smell of the rubber but I guess that comes with a rubber toy.  Overall I'm glad MIL gave us this as a gift but no way would I have spent almost $20 on it.  Just sayin.

Review #: 507
Date: 03 22, 2012
I had this teether in my cart for at least a week before I finally purchased it. But my daughter loved it and it is so cute so did I! She still lays with it even when she's not teething just because it's fun and easy to hold and squeaks. I would purchase it again.

Review #: 508
Date: 11 29, 2013
I doubt I can add anything that hasn't already been said about Sophie!  She is a must-have for all babies!  This was one of the first toys we gave to our daughter and she has loved it ever since!  We thought we lost Sophie and my husband ordered another one right away!  Well worth the money!

Review #: 509
Date: 11 16, 2010
My daughter just started teething and doesn't seem very interested in the teething rings.  It's funny to watch her with this because she'll grab the head and shove it into her mouth and then spits it out.  Seems to do it's job!

Review #: 510
Date: 10 9, 2013
I ordered this as a gift for a pregnant friend and was more than a little annoyed when I opened up the Amazon box to find the packaging that contained Sophie was crushed.  It had obviously been opened.  When I opened the box to examine the teether, I noticed that there were multiple scuff marks on it.  That same night, I drove to Babies R Us to buy a Sophie to compare.  The differences were VERY obvious.  The black paint used for the eyes were different, the way the giraffe was packaged was different, even the pink cheeks were different.  And obviously the one from BRU had NO SCUFF MARKS on it!  I am so disappointed that I purchased a fake from Amazon.  I left a review for the seller and heard nothing back.  I will definitely think twice before ordering any super popular, &#34;trendy&#34; items from Amazon.

Review #: 511
Date: 09 1, 2011
We have a 5 month old that has been drooling and chewing since arount 3 months - but still no teeth!  He LOVES this toy.  It's soft so it doesn't poke him in the gums like other toys and the hooves fit in his mouth where he can chew in the front and towards the back.  He also likes playing with the squeek.  It's a bit pricy in stores but we found it here on Amazon for around $15 and I'd say it's worth it for $15, wouldn't purchase it for $25. Had it for a couple weeks now with no issues.  We decided to get one after seeing one of our frinds with it.  They've used it for 6+ months with no issue.

Review #: 512
Date: 11 6, 2010
That's what my husband said when I got this.  But, Sophie has become a beloved member of the household.  And I like knowing that she is safe for my kid to slobber all over.The only thing I don't like is the hole in Sophie back which allows air in and out to produce the squeeking sound.  When I washed Sophie the first time, water got inside her.  Even though I squeezed it out, I'm sure there was still some moisture left and I wonder if it resulted in mold or mildew inside Sophie.  After the first time, I've been really careful to put my finger over the hole when washing.  It makes it more cumbersome, but better than mold.

Review #: 513
Date: 11 19, 2013
My baby loves this teether. She likes to wave it around and play with it, she loves chewing on it and the squeaking noise it makes causes her to laugh out loud. Love this little toy. I will  be purchasing two more for each of my new nieces.

Review #: 514
Date: 03 9, 2013
Cute and practical.  Good for chewing, sucking, grasping, and looking.  Watch out if you have a dog, though - it sounds just like a dog toy and I have to keep a close eye on it.

Review #: 515
Date: 12 17, 2012
Added this teether to my cart last minute and really should have read a little closer. I thought I was ordering the harder rubber teether they offer, so I was surprised when I opened the box and this one was soft and squeaky. I love this company's products but could not bring myself to keep this product because it reminded me too much of a squeaky toy for my dogs. The squeaker was also quite loud which I could imagine wearing on my nerves in a very short amount of time. A relative of mine had a baby not too long ago, so I decided to give this to them rather than keep it for myself. I have to say, I felt kinda bad giving it to them when I saw their two year old "in action" squeaking their younger sibling's new teether. Hopefully when the baby is enjoying it, the toy won't be quite as obnoxious.

Review #: 516
Date: 12 20, 2013
Sophie the Giraffe is much more than just a teether, it is a toy to help stimulate all of your child's senses and helps promote cognitive development.  We received our first Sophie gift when our son was just born and then a second one later off Amazon when our son managed to toss his beloved toy from his shopping cart seat and the missing one never located.The real sell for me wasn't the use of Sophie as a teether but instead the stimulation of my son's senses and the start of his development at the youngest of years.  Sophie stimulates all of his senses as follows: Sight is stimulated through the dark contrasting spots on the light colored body (we buy the books with dark and light contrasts for the same reason... 6 month-2 year olds are drawn to this), Hearing is stimulated as he squeezes Sophie and she squeaks, this also teaches cause and effect, Taste is stimulated through chewing on legs, ears, etc., touch is stimulated through the long form of the giraffe body including the long legs and neck and smell is stimulated through the natural rubber smell these are composed of.We could have bought a teether for a few dollars, we paid extra for all of sensory stimulation and development.  My son is now almost three and still plays and carries around his Sophie.  It is a robust toy that will last for years and will be ready to pass on to the next baby.

Review #: 517
Date: 02 27, 2012
My daughter has used this since she was able to hold it- she is now 14 months and still chews on it and plays with it!  We will be buying more with more kids!  Easy to clean, and with food grade paint, I'm glad I don't have to worry about it coming off!

Review #: 518
Date: 06 9, 2013
My son likes his Sophie teether :) It is very high quality and I love that it's traditional... I felt like my baby needed one! Beware, it makes a squeaky sound (this drives my dogs insane thinking it's time to play), so probably not best for naptime ;) It's soft on baby gums, has color contrast for their little eye development, and the molded shapes of her head and knees are great for gnawing. He doesn't reach for this as often as he reaches for his Lifefactory silicone teethers or his Sophie the Giraffe So Pure teether, but I do feel like every baby needs one!

Review #: 519
Date: 09 16, 2013
Well, I have the same question as everyone else.  Is Sophie real?  I can only go by the actual Sophie website description to be certain.  This is what I've found and I still don't know if I have the real Sophie or not.  But the company has a Facebook page and you can go there and ask too!  Overall, I like the toy.  It's smooth, soft, chewable and lightweight.  I did wash it initially for my son and immediately afterwards, the squeaker stopped working.  However, now that it's drying out, it seems fine.  My son has been chewing on it for what seems like hours already.  So, I'll give it a 5 star for that.  He loves it, that's all that matters.  Now if I see the paint chipping, I will be returning it.  I hope the website links help everyone out.[...][...]

Review #: 520
Date: 04 30, 2012
I caved to the new mommy pressure and bought this Sofie. Based on some of the negative reviews, I was worried about getting a fake or it being a choking hazzards or that I was spending a lot of money on a glorified dog toy, but it has been a life saver. We are in the throws of teething and this stupid toy does everything it says and more. When she squeaks, my daughter smiles and giggles. She loves her. I never let her play with Sofie unattended for fear of choking, but so far this has been one of the best investments for helping navigate through the teething stage. Sofie smells good, is easy for my daughter to grip and soft which Im sure helps with all the gnawing my daughter does on her. So if I have to hear that annoying Sofie squeak, at least I know she is helping soothe my daughter from her teething aches and pains.

Review #: 521
Date: 01 14, 2011
Right out of the box and into my little ones mouth. It's a great size for my 5 month old to hold and put into his mouth. He loves the nose, ears and feet. Worth the money.

Review #: 522
Date: 11 10, 2013
Excellent toy for babies.  Easy to grab and easy to bite for teething.  Soft and cute just as shown and described

Review #: 523
Date: 05 1, 2014
This little giraffe is pretty special.  I didn't want to spend the $20 on it so I registered it for my baby shower. My child loves it! He has used it since he began teething and liked to chew on Sophie before then as well.I can't tell you what is so appealing about her but it is a hit!I have since purchased it for a gift, since my child enjoyed it so much.

Review #: 524
Date: 11 24, 2012
My son had a really hard time with this toy when he first started trying to put things in his mouth at 2.5 months.  At that time he preferred the smaller SophieVulli So` Pure Teether.  Now, at almost 5 months, his mouth is at last big enough to insert a hoof or an ear without frustration.  Now he absolutely loves this.  He will chew on it for quite awhile without moving onto the next thing.  I pack it in the diaper bag when we leave home and it goes everywhere.  It's easy to rinse off when dirty, but careful not to get water into the squeaker, as I'm sure it will cause mold issues over time.Yes, it's awfully pricey, and it looks and sounds like a cheap squeaky dog toy, but you won't be sorry.

Review #: 525
Date: 12 7, 2009
When I first recevied the gift I thought it was super cute but was not sure if my baby would chew it. I gave it to her as soon as he noticed her starting to chew on her toys and she hated it. I am sure it is the initial latex taste, but after the second attempt she was hooked. Now Vulli goes with us as her "car" toy. We pack her in her the carseat and she now looks around for her friend. She has been chewing on him for months and it is still in great condition. I would highly recommend Vulli - he is cute, easy to clean and babies seem to love him!

Review #: 526
Date: 04 19, 2014
I got this because of the great reviews.  Unfotunately, my son did not take to it so it was a waste of money for me.  Really depends on whether or not you kids takes to it

Review #: 527
Date: 07 21, 2009
This giraffe was a bit disappointing straight out of the box.I had no idea it squeaked; it does come across as a dog toy. Our dog did run over and still eyes the toy across the room waiting to make her move...That being said, our daughter didn't have a lot of interest in this toy until she began teething. I thought the squeaking would be annoying, but really she never squeaks it. The legs are perfect size for her hands to grab. Its light weight enough for her to pass,hold, and control.It is definitely a supervision only toy. In our case, our daughter likes us to hold it for her (even though she can grasp it well). This gives her more concentration on gnawing ;). (I can see how the limbs could go far into the mouth...which probably feels great when getting those back teeth. I could see how they may go back too far however, and would urge people to read the other reviews.)That being said, our girl loves to stare and grab this giraffe. The colors are great. As for the rubbery smell other people have mentioned....it IS rubber. Rubber has a distinct smell and if you don't like it, then you shouldn't buy rubber.

Review #: 528
Date: 09 8, 2011
We originally purchased Sophie for our daughter when she was three months old and beginning to experience some early teething pain.  At that stage, she had started to chew on everything she could wrestle into her mouth.  Sophie arrived, and our three-month-old regularly became frustrated with the toy because it was just awkwardly shaped enough to prevent her limited dexterity from getting the desired parts into her mouth (the harder nubs of the feet and ears).  However, as she reached the five month mark, Sophie became a much more beloved playmate with the additional dexterity that she (our daughter, not the giraffe) had acquired over two additional months.  Now at six months of age, our daughter has decided Sophie is her favorite friend on which to gnaw.  She is now able to easily shove the appropriate bits into her mouth without difficulty and will often contentedly gnaw upon Sophie's limbs for long periods of time.Pros:1. Made with natural rubber and food safe paint, and so there's no worry about lead ingestion as with Chinese products from big box stores2. Easy for baby to handle once they have a reasonable amount of dexterity3. Provides great relief for baby's teething gums4. Classic toy that baby seems to truly enjoy - even though the squeaker may occasionally drive parents battyCautions:1. The paint, although it is food safe, does wear off very early and readily even if baby doesn't yet have teeth.2. Sophie is a bit awkward to handle for younger babies that have just started to practice their toy handling skills, often resulting in eye pokes (albeit fairly non-threatening) and some frustration.

Review #: 529
Date: 04 2, 2014
I got one of these as a showe gift that my baby loves. I wanted to buy another and saw it on Amazon for $19. What a deal considering these are normally $25. So I ordered and am not sure if it's the same and if the one from Amazon is authentic.I realize these are hand painted so there will be variation. But the rubber on the new one smells different and feels slightly harder than my original one. There are also some rough spots on the Amazon one whereas there were no rough spots on my original one at all as you could plainly tell it was very high quality. The sqeaker is not the same in the two versions. When you press on it to feel it, the shape of the squeaker is different shape, size, and sound. My original one squeaks better. The one from Amazon doesn't squeak well, and is higher pitched. The serial number font size on the two are different. The original one had a larger font size and the Amazon has a smaller font size. The most notable difference is the feet/hooves. The original one is thicker rubber and pretty even in thickness all the way around. The Amazon one is thin, very thin at some parts (you can see the think, wavy, crepiness) like the baby can chew through it and the hooves are not the same shape as the one I already have.I don't know. I bought this from  Amazon, but it is fulfilled by an outside vendor and I don't know their reputation. Since this is something that can easily be counterfeited, I am going to return this and buy it at full price form a store I trust, like Nordstrom. It is worth the hassle for me because this is an item that my baby constantly has in her mouth and is sucking/chewing on.Also, mine came in horrible packagin and the box is totally mangled and destroyed and some of the paint on the toy is rubbed off. Not your typical Amazon quality if you ask me.

Review #: 530
Date: 12 27, 2012
My baby loves it, it squeaks no matter where you squeeze it and it is very soft and easy to old.

Review #: 531
Date: 01 9, 2012
I had no idea this thing was a squeaky dog toy. Seriously, they sell these exact things at Petco. My 7 month old twins aren't crazy about it...maybe they just need to get a little older before they realize that they can squeak it. I don't think its worth the money. We also have the miniature Sophie teether, which they like a lot more and its way less annoying because its solid rubber and doesn't squeak.

Review #: 532
Date: 06 21, 2010
My daughter thought it was cute and nibbled on it maybe a total of 4 times during her entire time of teething. She really didn't go crazy for it like some kids do and she chews on EVERYTHING! Now she's 18 months and just loves to squeeze Sophie to get her to squeek. Cute product though.

Review #: 533
Date: 05 5, 2014
My little guy loves this teether.  It seems just the right size and has a very pleasant smell.  It's easy enough to wash by hand.  I wish it didn't have the squeaker in the back because I'm concerned about soap and water getting into the inside, but I just squeeze it a lot after washing to dry it out... drives my dogs crazy : )

Review #: 534
Date: 03 18, 2013
My son loves Sofie, not always to chew on her but to swing her around by the neck and make her squeak really quickly.She is easily cleanable. The only issue we had was the dog confusing Sofie with his squeaky toys, but that has been resolved quickly.

Review #: 535
Date: 09 18, 2011
My son didn't start teething until he was 9 months old and he didn't really care for any type of teether we got him.  If I actually put one of Sophie's feet into his mouth, he would start biting down on it, then throw it on the floor.  It's a well made product and I can see how it would be great, but unfortunately, I'm still hunting for a teether that my son will use (other than my own fingers).

Review #: 536
Date: 09 25, 2013
My lil man loved to bite on Sophie.  It was the only thing that kept him calm in his car seat.  At 7 months, he still bites on her every once in a while, but he's moved on to biting my arms and shoulders.. lol  I bought this for my little cousin and he also enjoyed it.

Review #: 537
Date: 01 18, 2013
She loves it! Sophie has been alive and well for 3 1/2 years and has made it threw a now almost 4 year old, a 6 month old and a dog. I love that it's easily washable and very durable (even after the dog has gotten it).

Review #: 538
Date: 06 18, 2013
This is my daughter's favorite teether by far!  So much so that we purchased a second one just for purposes of travel, so we always have one at home.  The multiple angles allow for her chew on various areas depending on where she's having discomfort.

Review #: 539
Date: 01 14, 2014
It seems like every baby has a Sophie.  And why shouldn't they?  It's made in France with natural rubber and food grade paint.  No worries as you watch your precious little one suck, bite and tear at Sophie's little hooves, ears and sometimes her entire head.  And it seems kids of all ages love hearing the sound of her squeaker.  My big kids can't stop squeezing her in rapid secession to get another squeak!

Review #: 540
Date: 10 24, 2008
I wasn't sure how to rate this item.  When I got this giraffe I felt ripped off.  It seemed much smaller than in the photo.  Then when I took it out of the box and squeezed it, I felt like I spent a fortune on a dog toy.  It squeaks like those annoying rubber hot dogs or shoes that you buy for a dog at PetSmart.The rubber is very thin and it smells like a rubber Halloween mask.  I find it hard to believe that it's "safe" for the baby to suck on.I gave this 4 stars because my baby likes it, which is the whole purpose in buying it.  I didn't give it 5 stars because the price makes it a rip off for what it is.  Maybe it's expensive because it was made in France.  I don't know...However, this is for my baby daughter.  I'm not going to get her a dog toy to play with, even though if I did it would have been a higher quality than this giraffe for about 1/4 the price.But...would you get your baby a dog toy to play with?  The idea of doing that is beyond ridiculous and I can't see myself doing that.I'm not going to say this is the greatest baby toy ever but it's slim pickings out there when trying to buy something for a 3-month old that she'll play with, chew on, and actually like.  So, I guess this is worth the price tag.  Just don't expect too much from it.

Review #: 541
Date: 01 21, 2010
I purchased this toy after reading all the rave reviews about it.  I wasn't sure if the toy would live up to it's hype, but it does!  My baby is 5 weeks old, and she took immediate interest in it, and even smiled and cooed at Sophie.  Up until now, she hadn't taken much interest in any of her other toys.The toy itself is well made.  I love how easy it is for a baby to hold, how soft the giraffe is, the cute face, etc.  I know a couple people said that Sophie has a bad rubber odor, but I didn't find it to be unpleasant, and I'm usually pretty fussy when it comes to odd smells.  I'm glad I bought this, and will probably be buying more as gifts.

Review #: 542
Date: 09 9, 2013
This is the best best best toy/teether!  My son LOVES it and he is always chewing on it.  I have bought this as gifts and recommend anyone with a baby to get one.  Everywhere we go, people say, oh, we have that giraffe too and our kids/grandkids, love it.  Other babies will try and take this, even if they have their own, or they'll ask for one.  Must have!

Review #: 543
Date: 01 11, 2013
I forked out the dough for this overpriced teether after reading all the glowing reports. Grand daughter seems to enjoy it when parents remember to give it to her. But it falls short of being amazing.  No peeling of the paint or any such other complaints. She would probably use it more if I spent more time with her.

Review #: 544
Date: 05 25, 2012
I got this for my son expecting it to be something he couldn't put down. He sometimes will pick up and mess with it to make the squeaker go off but that's about it. He doesn't use it as a teether. Otherwise its a well made product its just my son doesn't like it.

Review #: 545
Date: 04 15, 2013
What a great teether.  My daughter gravitates towards this teether over all others.  I think she likes the head nubs and nose on her gums.  PLUS it is so cute to watch her &#34;eating&#34; such an adorable giraffe!  Will be buying these for gifts!

Review #: 546
Date: 11 8, 2012
My daughter is not that interested in this. She chews on it from time to time but no more than any of her other teethers. At $18+ this is definitely overpriced. If any water or baby drool gets inside, the squeaker stops working....not that we mind. I do like that it is natural rubber so no harmful chemicals.

Review #: 547
Date: 12 11, 2013
I could not understand why a baby's toy would be so expensive,  but caved into the hype and bought it for my daughter. She loved it and we took it with us everywhere.It is soft, durable plastic and has no stinky,  plastic odor.

Review #: 548
Date: 02 14, 2013
Sophie is great- loud and fun!  Always brings a smile to my childs face!  Every baby in America should have a Sophie!

Review #: 549
Date: 09 3, 2012
My daughter loves her Sophie and showed interest in her at only a few days old! First she was curious about the squeaking, then developed interest in looking at the spots; now she is starting to enjoy licking and gumming the ears and horns. We put Sophie's legs into her hand so she can practice grasping. Yes, this toy is expensive, but it is worth the price for a toy that is so well designed with babies in mind.

Review #: 550
Date: 10 28, 2011
Ok, I'm going to be completely honest.  I didn't want to buy Sophie.  However, almost every mom friend raved about Sophie, so I decided to go ahead.  I didn't see what was so great about her.  It's a glorified dog squeaky toy, right?  And it's expensive for what it is, right?  Well, I finally gave in after a month of debate.  MY BABY LOVES SOPHIE!  I had tried about 5 different teethers on him and he didn't like any of them.  Sophie fits perfectly in his mouth, he can get a good grip on her and she makes an adobable squeak that my son loves.  I kind of wished now I had saved money on all the other teethers I had bouught and just bought Sophie.  So, yes she is expensive, but well worth it.  When so many people love something that much, there is usually a good reason.

Review #: 551
Date: 12 3, 2012
Only got 3 stars bc every time you clean it water gets stuck inside, very annoying.  My baby will occasionally play with it. Over paid for a toy that was over rated.

Review #: 552
Date: 04 19, 2013
My son can easily hold Sophie and likes to chew on her ears, horns and feet. She is a very nice teether. Would buy again!

Review #: 553
Date: 12 16, 2013
Baby is chewing on her Giraffe.  She also didnt start teething till she was 15months old.  The trick is trying to keep away from dogs because of the squeek.

Review #: 554
Date: 10 30, 2013
I purchased this for my little girl when she was about 3 months old, and now at 6 months she absolutely loves her Sophie! It comes everywhere with us and she has learned to chew and suck on all parts of this wonderful teething sensation. The rubber is so soft, easy to clean and lets be honest - looks super cute! I wasn't a big fan of it being squeaky, but my little one has fun banging in on her knee to make it squeak..lol.I wondered when I bought it why it was such a popular teething toy and I now know why! Highly recommended!

Review #: 555
Date: 12 29, 2013
We've had this little teether for 16 months and it was great for early teething... and since has continued to be a beloved play toy.

Review #: 556
Date: 06 27, 2012
First off, I'm fairly certain I would have gone bonkers without Sophie!!!! This is my 7 mo old son's favorite toy.  He has played with it since he was able to out it in his mouth (maybe 8ish weeks.). It is expensive but it has provided is with an thousands of hours of entertainment.  the only reason I bought this is because my 5 year old insisted his baby brother wanted this for Christmas, otherwise I never would had paid so much for a squeaky toy.  However, I have bought a Sophie for the grandparents house and will be purchasing a back up for us tomorrow.I only wrote a review because so many people have bashed Sophie.  Virtually anything  can potentially be a choking hazard for an infant.  My son chews everything but has never put  the legs in his mouth past the feet.  I am sure it's possible but I do not think this toy is unsafe in any way.

Review #: 557
Date: 03 19, 2013
He just didn't take to it like I guess other babies did. He just look at it and he didn't suck or bite it..idkbut I have a new baby and since it was used so lightly by him I'll try it with her...maybe I'll change my rating if she loves it. We'll just have to see..

Review #: 558
Date: 04 2, 2010
My son wasn't too interested in Sophie at first. I thought she was a waste of money, but boy was I wrong. As soon as he figured out he could stick her in his mouth she's been his only toy. He prefers her over a pacifier. Everytime he sees her he gets this huge smile on his face. I am very happy with my purchase, and want to point out to give it some time if he's not interested at first.

Review #: 559
Date: 03 27, 2012
I got this as a gift for one of my boys and it is perfect for him. It nice and big so he cannot swallow it and great for teething. I love it.Plus it is easy to wash too.

Review #: 560
Date: 01 12, 2014
This teether is great as far as texture and my son loving it however i dont beleive it was worth 20 bucks.

Review #: 561
Date: 04 28, 2012
Duplicate products in Amazon.. beware!! After some research we bought for our lil one but  felt the difference in a use of 2 weeks.The color got faded after 2 washes.For the first time we felt bad on buying from Amazon that too regarding baby products.

Review #: 562
Date: 04 25, 2013
My son just started teething, and I thought this toy would help him alot.  He doesn't seem to be very crazy about it.  It's little too big for him right now (he is 4 months old).  If I hold and position it a certain way, he will suck on it, but can't hold it on his own yet.  Maybe that will get better as he gets little older...

Review #: 563
Date: 06 21, 2014
My daughter didn't love it, but didn't hate it.  She chewed on it and it was easy to clean which was nice.  I read some reviews a few months after I purchased and didn't realize how scary it can potentially be if she were to roll on it and get a foot stuck in her throat.  Thankfully nothing to that extent ever happened with my daughter. I did tie a piece of yarn around it's neck and tied the opposite end to her stroller to prevent it from falling which was nice.

Review #: 564
Date: 03 19, 2012
Sophie is a toy that just about every baby in Seattle has. She is a great teething toy for the 6+ month set. We tried giving her to our son when he first started teething at 4 months but she was just too big for his mouth. By the time his first teeth came in at 5 months he wanted to chew on her, but just couldn't yet. Now at 6 months she is always in his mouth. The ears are great for the littler mouths, and now that he is bigger an entire leg will go in. The legs are long enough to cause your baby to gag, but that will only help them as they start solids. She does have a squeaker that my son can activate, but it is also highly attractive to dogs. I have even seen a dog snatch this toy from an unwitting child at the dog park!Basically, I love this teether. The only problem is that if you wash her the colors will wash off because they are food dye. That just means she takes a little bit more care than other teethers, but she is well worth it.

Review #: 565
Date: 02 23, 2014
If you are looking for a safe teether toy for your infant, buy this. It is adorable. I get asked about it constantly.

Review #: 566
Date: 06 1, 2012
I was a bit skeptical at first but read the reviews and decided to give it a try. I bought one for my nephew and for my son.  It does live up to the hype.  I will say that my husband opened the package and asked me if I meant to buy two giraffe toys for our dog.  I then told him it was an expensive baby gift.  He said, "Really, it looks and sounds like a dog toy."  Although it does look and sound like a dog toy, the rubber is very soft.  My son loved chewing on Sophie especially when he was teething.  He also just liked playing with the giraffe.  It was his favorite toy for awhile because I think the size of the neck and legs were perfect for his little hands to clasp onto. I would recommend this to other moms.

Review #: 567
Date: 04 28, 2014
not worth the money . it is cute. and its durable. but my son was not much more interested in it than an xbox controller. wasted my money

Review #: 568
Date: 12 31, 2012
I received my first Sophie at my baby shower back in April 2012 and I knew it was something I wanted since my mommy friends raved about her.  I'm just writing about her now because 1) my now 7 month old can fully enjoy her now that he is starting to teeth and 2) I bought a second Sophie to give to my SIL as a Christmas gift for her new baby.I've used Sophie since my son was only a couple weeks old and she wasn't really able to do much during those early times but just lay there.  When baby was able to finally grab and hold onto things, Sophie really came alive.  She squeaked with joy as baby squeezed different parts of her and is now offering comfort for his poor mouth by letting him chew on her.  Because her friendly face has been a constant fixture for him, he knows he can turn to her if he is upset.This is one of my top favorite things to give as gifts for baby showers and holidays.  I couldn't believe how one little toy can make a baby so happy until now.  I just wanted to write this to share my experience and add to the pile of glowing reviews.

Review #: 569
Date: 06 24, 2013
My baby wasn't too good with Sophie till she was about 4 months+, that's when she could grab her properly and not drop her. Sometimes when she sees Sophie, her eyes seem to light up; probably because of Sophie's lovable face.My only problem would be that when I wash Sophie, sometimes the water gets trapped inside her, and when my baby squeezes her & bites her, some of the water would come out from the hole, and I'm just afraid it would get mouldy inside.Other than that, I would give it 4.5 stars actually.

Review #: 570
Date: 01 17, 2014
Hard to find natural rubber with food dye, but Sophie has it. Great for chewing and non-toxic. Totally recommend it and even if it is a little pricey, the toy is totally worth it.

Review #: 571
Date: 08 1, 2012
Had put off on buying it due to the hefty price tag for a teether.  But finally caved when looking for something that would occupy our teething 4 month old son for a road trip.  When we got it he chewed on it for a short while but then seemed bored.It wasn't until he was about 5 months old that he really started liking Sophie.  I don't know if it was that he could grasp her better, or that he has more teeth to chew with (he has 5 now), or he can just appreciate the sight and sound better, but regardless, he really likes the teether now.  I think I have seen him chew on it for a good 5-7 minutes which is a long time for him to be occupied with something.My only wish is that the toy had some way of attaching to his stroller or carseat.  I don't take it out with us because I know that he will drop it on the ground.  If they could make that possible, then we would use the toy even more than we do now.UPDATE: Afer 8 months old he stopped liking Sophie.  However he is still teething and really loves chewing onBaby Banana Bendable Training Toothbrush, Infant.  Bonus, it's also a toothbrush AND you can attach it to something so it doesn't fall.  I wish I had just bought the banana in the first place.

Review #: 572
Date: 06 21, 2013
Bought on a friend's recommendation. When I first bought this, my son was about six months and not quite coordinated enough to chew on it properly (but that went for all of his teething toys), and it frustrated him.  But now he's a little older and he prefers it to his other teething toys most of the time. He likes to chew on her ears or the nose.

Review #: 573
Date: 03 11, 2011
I wasn't sure what the big deal about Sophie was, but all my mama friends told me I had to have one for my son, so I got one. And it's true! Sophie is loved instantly! My 6 month old son immediately grabbed onto her and started chewing everyone, drooling, and smiling. I don't know what it is (she is cute), but the hype is true: Sophie will quickly become one of your child's top favorite toys!

Review #: 574
Date: 04 30, 2013
I got this Sophie in the mail yesterday and it looked exactly like the picture - such a cute toy! Soft to the touch and squeaks when she is squeezed. There is a faint rubber smell but not unpleasant. I see how a baby can gag on the legs of this thing but I watch my child while she teeths on anything. She gags on her own fingers so I am not too worried. I am not sure the paint on this will stay while she teeths but she seems to like it just as much (maybe a little more) as she does her $2 teethers. Seems to be good quality, but I probably would not buy it again.

Review #: 575
Date: 10 22, 2012
I bought this to see what all the fuss was about.  It's a cute little teether and my baby liked chewing it's ears.  There really didn't seem to be anything special about it though.  Oh well.  My son is now 18 months old and still plays with his Sophie.

Review #: 576
Date: 02 17, 2013
I bought this because a couple of my friends had it for their children - well - I can say that any sqeaky toy will do.  This is not some miracle squeak toy that is worth $20 - I would pass and get a cheaper version

Review #: 577
Date: 04 11, 2012
My grandson loves to chew this toy.  Sometimes it seems like he's trying to eat it!  It's the perfect size and has lots of ways for a baby to hold it.The texture is very nice, it never feels slimy even when very wet.  My grandson is almost 4 months old and will chew on this for a long time.  In fact sometimes I just have to take it away from him because his little bib gets so wet from drool I have to change it and his shirt.  Then I wash Sophie and let her air dry so she's ready for next time.  It's easy to wash.  I keep dilluted dish soap in a foaming dispenser by the sink and rub a little on her then rinse it off under hot water and let her air dryIt has a nice squeek sound, my grandson likes it.  I'm thinking of ordering more so he can have one at his house and one for the stroller etc.  I really don't see any negatives with this teether.  I watch my grandson 9 hours a day 5 days a week, so I am getting quite a collection of baby things.  I have a small family room and only want baby things he really likes and uses.

Review #: 578
Date: 03 23, 2014
I have tried every pacifier and teether under the sun... well maybe not all but quite a few. Sophie is the only official teether that my daughter will put in her mouth. She puts everything else... the remote, cell phones, blankets, toys, you name it but not any of the teethers that I have bought besides Sophie.

Review #: 579
Date: 12 31, 2011
This is on like every "you need this for your baby list." And it's always overpriced (or appears to be). I held off for my first child and indulged my second. He liked it literally for 1 hour. I have not been able to get him to play with it since. He's not scared of it, I think he just wants something a little firmer to gnaw on, and in terms of interaction all it does is squeak. So I think he thinks "Not good for my mouth, boring in my hands, NEXT TOY!"

Review #: 580
Date: 05 4, 2013
My daughter is 4 months old and her first tooth broke through this past week. Needless to say, she's a chewing, drooling mess. She wants anything and everything in her mouth and she wants it NOW! So I got Sophie as a shower gift and I dragged her out to see if my baby would like her. She loves her! Everytime I bring her out and squeak the giraffe, my baby girl gets a huge smile on her face and sometimes even squeals. The good is that I feel pretty safe letting her drool and suck all over the poor giraffe. The bad is that this giraffe will pick up all kinds of dirt, fuzz, etc. if you aren't careful where you put it when your baby is not playing with it. The ugly is when my daughter can't get a good spot to chew on the giraffe and breaks down in tears out of frustration. As far as a teething toy, she seems unhappy with any location for any long-term chewing. I have other teethers that do the job better, so I would be prepared to buy multiple teethers and let your baby decide which one works best for them. As far as a toy, this is great and a favorite of my daughters. Definitely worth the money in my opinion.

Review #: 581
Date: 09 15, 2010
My 6 month old loves this!  The squeek keeps him interested while the texture sooths his teething gums.  Easy to clean and fun to play with.

Review #: 582
Date: 10 17, 2013
I got it as my LO can't seem to get a good grip on the traditional teethers. As we got this one he was intrigued, but now he is not so hot about it. Still prefers blankets, fingers (his and mine.. lol). Maybe when he get a bit older to get a better grip on it.

Review #: 583
Date: 05 15, 2011
My little guys loves Sophie! Was reccommended by another mother and so i went and got one and my little guy just loves chewin on this teether... and he found out it squeeks and loves to squeek it now :)

Review #: 584
Date: 07 22, 2013
Purchased this because it was always on the top toys list but after noticed the negative reviews about many children choking on the leg got scared and rarely let my daughter play with it. She wasn't even attracted to it when I did have it out (when I was watching her like a hawk). This was not a great purchase for us and I was shocked that Amazon would have any toy with so many people saying it was hazardous listed as a top toy. Now I read the negative reviews first on toys before purchasing them even if there are a million people loving it. Not worth the risk.

Review #: 585
Date: 08 28, 2013
Baby like the sound, likes to squeeze and hold the giraffe, and like to chew on its many appendages. The sound is not annoying after prolonged use either!

Review #: 586
Date: 04 4, 2013
When my firstborn son hit the teething age I was determined not to fall for the Sophie hype. I seemed to notice every Manhattan baby in their posh ergonomic stroller riding through the streets of NYC while chomping on Sophie the Giraffe. I would groan whenever I saw Sophie in the hands of yet another babe as I was sure she was just an overpriced baby fashion accessory and I thus, became the quintessential Sophie hater. To me, Sophie resembled an overpriced puppy dog toy with a bad paint job that was more suitable for a 7 lb Pomeranian dog as opposed to my baby. And whenever I heard babies pass by me on the street while squeezing Sophie to make her squeak she only seemed to be that much more of a glorified puppy dog toy scam that was aimed at self conscious striving yuppie urban parents. Thus, I suffered without Sophie at my disposal as my son slurped on other teething toys with little relief when he suffered through his uncomfortable teething phases.Fast forward another few years and I was still quite anti-Sophie when my second child was born. But her teething was so bad that I was determined to give anything a try to provide her with relief - including the hated and possibly over hyped Sophie. In fact, I distinctly remember grumbling to myself as I was purchasing her on amazon with the thought that I was spending over $20 (and about $19 too much) on what was tantamount to a squeaky looking plastic toy teether more suitable for the canine species. Yet, I will fully admit that my cynicism about Sophie started to wane the moment that Sophie arrived looking cheerful in her pleasantly designed packaging. And once I took her out of her peppy package and ran my fingers over her spots and looked closely at her little face that smiled right back at me, I thought to myself ....well, she is actually ... (dare I say it)....cute!Then I handed Sophie to my teething daughter for the true test of her value and lo and behold my daughter took one look at Sophie's face and giggled, then licked her horns and promptly started chomping on her head. And once my baby daughter figured out that Sophie not only felt good on her gums but also squeaked, she was truly in love with her. Since then my daughter has spent countless hours gnawing on Sophie and squeezing her to make her squeak. She started referring to Sophie as 'E'  and would scream and motion for her whenever she saw Sophie sitting on the shelf at home.I must mention though that the only reason that I am not giving Sophie 5 stars is because my daughter once managed to get one of Sophie's legs stuffed down towards her throat and she gagged pretty violently. After that, I never left Sophie alone with my daughter at all, Instead, after this happened, I was even more careful to only give Sophie to her when I was holding my daughter or playing close attention to my daughter as she used Sophie for teething, to ensure that my daughter didn't push Sophie's legs down her throat. Since I never really left my daughter as an infant alone with toys anyways, it wasn't that big of a deal for me and it didn't keep her from using Sophie frequently.So, the moral of the story is that the infamous Sophie the Giraffe teether has won over another hardened skeptic. I tried to resist her but her powers are too strong and although you may try to resist her too, before you know it Sophie's magical powers will be causing you to shell out $20 so that your child too can join the other cool kids at the playground and carry Sophie around as the fashionable must have baby/pseudo dog toy, teether that she is. In all seriousness, I would definitely buy Sophie again as a gift for another expecting mom and I have had no problems with her spots coming off despite the amount of teething that my daughter used her for. I would, however, recommend getting a Sophie 'leash' because babies love to throw Sophie like a launched missile out of their strollers and you will be cursing yourself for not buying her a leash  to secure her to your stroller when you lose her on a walk and then have to spend yet another $20 for a replacement Sophie! You can find a Sophie leash hereTutimNYC Pacifier Clip Toy Sitter Teether Keeper for Vulli Sophie the Giraffe - Pink Waves..or at a website with the name Betsy, minus the B.  With that said, happy teething!

Review #: 587
Date: 09 13, 2010
We hesitated buying this because it looked and sounded more like a dog toy than a teether and was expensive compared to other available teething toys, but am so thankful that we did! Sophie has been well worth the money and we appreciate this teether so much that it will become a standard gift for all the new mothers for whom we purchase gifts. Why?-The texture is perfect for massaging the sore gums that are producing teeth.-It has multiple areas on which to chew: four separate legs, two ears and a nose.-The neck is the perfect size to allow infants to grasp the giraffe steadily and to manipulate it in the mouth easily.-The squeaker is harsh, and not necessary for the purpose of the teether, but might offer some "cause and effect" benefit.-It is not gender specific.-It wipes off easily (except newspaper print).-It is the perfect size to throw in the diaper bag or purse.Because Sophie has become an invaluable asset, we have found a way to attach a "link-a-doos" between the front legs and over the body so Sophie can be connected to the car seat, stroller or diaper bag. We definitely don't want her to get lost on trips or errands.

Review #: 588
Date: 03 13, 2013
My baby isn't born yet but I love this toy hopefully he likes it too. Thats why it got 4 instead of 5 stars. The baby may dislike it but I doubt it.

Review #: 589
Date: 08 23, 2013
Much like clothes, I look at baby toys from a cost per use and this little giraffe is worth every penny. At first I balked at the price, but all his little friends had one, and I gave in. He loves it, it calms him down, and he chews it from every angle.  Given now sharp his teeth are getting and how much time this spends in his mouth, I am okay with the price.

Review #: 590
Date: 03 2, 2013
My son loved Sophie so much that we purchased it for his cousin as well.  At first (we had Sophie from the beginning) it was a great teether because he would chew on the head as well as the feet.  Now (11 months old) he continues to enjoy the teething aspect but loves to make her squeak!

Review #: 591
Date: 03 12, 2012
Everyone loves this toy, babies see it when they come over and it's the first thing they grab. My daughter? She can't be bothered with it.

Review #: 592
Date: 01 7, 2013
~PROS~- Phthalates and BPA free.- Made of 100% natural rubber and food paint.- Very soft rubber.- Squeaking sound makes it more amusing for child.~BACKGROUND~I've read rave reviews about this teether that has been around for years and was excited to purchase it for my 3 month old, but after seeing the giraffe teether being used by my nephew firsthand, examining it and reading reviews on the web...~CONS~- The legs are potential choking hazards.  This is a fact.  There have been a many reported instances of children choking on the legs of the giraffe and some even actually stopped breathing for a second or two.  Thankfully the toy was pulled out without any further harm being done.  Proponents will argue that children should be supervised at all times.  BUT, it only takes one second for something to happen.  Is it worth the risk?  That's up to each parent to decide.~INSTEAD~Why not get a teether made by the same company, with the same soft, natural materials without the potential choking hazard?Vulli So` Pure TeetherVulli Chan Pie Gnon Natural Rubber Soft Chew Toy, YellowVulli Chan Pie Gnon Natural Rubber Teether - Blue ChanVulli Chan Pie Gnon Soft Chew Toy, PinkVulli Sophie Giraffe 200111 Sophie The Giraffe Vanilla Teething Rings - 2 Pack

Review #: 593
Date: 05 21, 2012
I really like this teether for my 8 month old. He likes to chew on the legs alot, and even the horns and the head. It's easy for him to grip so he doesn't drop it often. I personally don't mind the squeaking, it's not particularly annoying in my opinion. Well made.

Review #: 594
Date: 03 11, 2013
She loves sophie. Plain and simple. Loves to bite sophie eat sophie squeeze sophie and suck on sophie. Babies love sophie.

Review #: 595
Date: 06 27, 2012
I think most of the people overrated Sophie. My son shows no interest in this teetering at all. He actually likes to grab it and bang it. And the price is wayyyyyyyy too expensive. i wont recommend it.

Review #: 596
Date: 04 21, 2014
Pros:1. Very soft, good for baby's teething. My baby loves to chew it :)Cons:1. Price is on the high side2. The item got an odd smell with it3. Color faded pretty fast4. Bits can be chewed off by baby, probably swallowed by baby too!

Review #: 597
Date: 04 17, 2014
There really is not much more to say. Sophie is a staple in a baby toy collection. It squeaks and they can safety eat away at her so it is a must and Vulli definitely priced it high based on its demand.

Review #: 598
Date: 02 7, 2013
My son had his first set of bottom teeth at 3 months which is very young. He's slowly getting the hang of Sophie. He loves the squeaking noise she makes. She's a great size for the diaper bag and as his hand coordination gets better I think he'll really like her!

Review #: 599
Date: 03 21, 2012
While the price is slightly high for a teething toy, my son loved Sophie from the moment he saw her. He was about 2 months old when Sophie entered his life and was his favorite teether. She does seem slightly flimsy, almost like a cheap dog toy. However, she endured my son teething and never broke. My son was about a nine months old when he lost interest. Overall, I recommend her as a supplement to the freezer teething rings!

Review #: 600
Date: 07 6, 2011
I bought this for my daughter when she was three months old.  She is now four months old and we don't go anywhere without Sophie.  For the first month I had to hold Sophie so she could chew on her, but now she can hold Sophie herself.  Her favorite part to chew on is Sophie's face although her front leg and tail are are very close seconds.  We haven't had problems with the rubber cracking or paint rubbing off. Since it's all natural rubber and paint (with no clear-coat), it does have a tendency to hang on to dirt but I just wash it every day with her bottles.  (Some water will get into the squeeker, but it's usually fine after a couple of squeezes.)I'm getting ready to buy a second Sophie so that we can keep one in the diaper bag and one at home.  I reluctantly bought the first one after hearing lots of fuss over it -- I mean.... who needs a $20 dog chew toy?  But Sophie was worth every penny.

Review #: 601
Date: 10 21, 2013
Sophie is a classic toy that many parents get at their showers. The product is made of high quality and it does what it should do, soothe a teething baby. It makes a squeak every time it's pushed which can get annoying, but it is on the low end of the annoying squeak spectrum. The legs and shape of the giraffe helps baby get to his molars. It's easy to clean with just a quick rinse. There are several mentions of choking hazards so just make sure you don't leave your child alone with the toy.If you're looking for more advice on baby products, visit the website AllMomsArePerfect.com and look under 'baby gear essentials.' There's also a full stroller shopping guide, what to look for in a crib, and what to expect in the hospital during and after delivery. The baby registry post gives you the lowdown on what you need versus what you can do without for the first three months.

Review #: 602
Date: 02 19, 2012
This is the best teether...and we have 8 or 9. Not too hard, not too squishy. The dye is made of vegetable oil, so it's ok for babies to chew on. The noise is kind of loud (sounds like a dog toy) but the way the squeaker is placed, it rarely squeaks unless you hold it a certain way (when the kid chews on it, it doesn't squeak, like you have to actually try to squeak it). At first I felt like it looked rather cheap (like a dog toy) but the plastic is sturdy and holds up to all kinds of abuse. Got this for my son around 6m and he is currently 21m and still using it now that his incisors are coming in. My biggest issue is it seems to easily pick up lint off the carpet. To clean it, run water over the top while holding it upright (so no water gets inside the toy). My son loves to gnaw on the ears and feet, and there was a time when he couldn't sleep without it, when his teething was really bad.

Review #: 603
Date: 02 11, 2014
Sophie has been a huge hit with our little guy.  We got her for him for Christmas when he was 3 months old. He immediately grabbed her and stuck her in his mouth. He has just started teething over the past couple of weeks and she is his go-to teething toy when he needs relief or when he is just feeling cranky from the pain. The squeaky in the toy helps distract him and I can get a smile out of him sometimes even through the tears.

Review #: 604
Date: 07 11, 2011
Our giraffe had an adventure in the Trader Joe's parking lot, and I had to go back to rescue him...we'd be lost without our giraffe--he's my baby's favorite toy/teether.  We don't go anywhere without him.  Also, when we were at Giggle, I recommended this toy to another mother.  She took the giraffe out of the box in the store and gave it to her baby.  They were instant best friends.  Babies just love this toy!

Review #: 605
Date: 11 24, 2012
My poor little baby girl started teething at 2 months old...bummer! She wasn't really  aware of holding things at this time so I struggled to find something she could chew on easily. I tried a lot of things people suggested but couldn't find anything she liked (besides my knuckle). I happened to have this teether on hand since it got SO many good reviews. So I decided to work with her on holding it by wrapping her hand around the neck repeatedly and by 2 1/2 she was (somewhat) able to hold it in her mouth all on her own! Now at 3 1/2 months she loves it and will chew on the face and leg very happily! I am so pleased!! She also loves the squeaky sound it makes! And with food grade inks and all natural rubber, what more could you want!?WHAT A WONDERFUL TEETHING TOY!!!

Review #: 606
Date: 08 2, 2012
Dr also recommend this (actually when Dr saw this teether commented it is one of the best out there)Baby take little time to get used to it.Soft and bendy..Baby did not prefer small Vulli though...(hates it...just like this one..)

Review #: 607
Date: 03 11, 2013
I almost didn't buy this for my son when I saw the price, but so many of my friends raved about it I figured I'd give it a try. I'm glad I did. It was the only teether he ever really used (he never used a pacifier and preferred his hand to most teething rings) and became his favorite, take everywhere toy. We lost our first Sophie somewhere and had to order a replacement and he was all sorts of upset looking for it until it came.Like others have said, though, don't let the dog see or hear it. It squeaks and does resemble a dog toy. I never had any trouble with my dogs trying t get it, because they were good about leaving the baby's things alone, but when we went to visit my mom her dog would constantly try to get it.

Review #: 608
Date: 01 25, 2011
my 5 month old (who popped his first 2 teeth at 4.5 months) loves this thing. every time it squeaks he laughs and then he goes to chewing on the head or the feet.  my sister got this for him for xmas and it is wonderful. i think better than the company's pan chin gnon guys who my boy doesn't like as much.  i recommend this to anyone who has a teether and has tried rings, frozen things, and other teethers.  i also like the razzle paci looking thing if you need to be somewhere and don't want squeaking.

Review #: 609
Date: 09 5, 2012
I did not get the hype, but, all babies LOVE it. Dont know why, but ours raomed with it, bit it, held it, etc, Then when teething was over ditched it.

Review #: 610
Date: 08 10, 2011
Both my sons really love Sophie, my oldest got her as a gift and he still plays with her at nearly 2, my youngest (6 months) loves to chew on her and squeeze her. However, it's a really good thing she's colored with food grade paint, as it comes right off when Faolan chews on her.  Also, I've read reviews that say she's a choking hazard--baby gets legs stuck in throat, not good. Hasn't happened with either of my boys, but still scary. Just to be safe, don't let your baby play with her unsupervised.

Review #: 611
Date: 08 17, 2010
For about a month (month 6) this was his favorite chew toy. Now it just sits collecting dust. There's no denying that there's something about the material that attracts infants. It's just a shame that it didn't last very long at all. If I had to do it all over again, I'd probably buy the CPG CHAN which looks striking similar to a nipple. I'm not about to shell another ~$15 on a rubber chew toy that probably costs a fraction of the amount to produce. I should also note there are a couple of undesirable features that you should be aware of with regards to this product. First, be very careful when you wash this thing. If you accidentally get some water in the squeaker it's very hard to dry out fully which makes it rather unsanitary. Secondly, I found the odor of the toy to be a little more petroleum like than I would like. My son never got sick or anything but it was hard to ignore the scent of the toy.

Review #: 612
Date: 07 19, 2013
I waited and waited for a sale on Sophie the Giraffe, and thanks to Amazon's Gold Box deal one day, I was able to pick up a Sophie for my daughter. She absolutely loves chewing and squeaking Sophie! I didn't realize she was a squeaky toy, I thought she was a more firm plastic, but she is perfect for my baby to chew on!

Review #: 613
Date: 08 25, 2011
My 5 month old son loves this Giraffe. It really seems to sooth his gums and he really seems to love it. I love it too since I know it's chemical free!

Review #: 614
Date: 01 20, 2013
My daughter also loves this. She's 5.5 months and teething. She loves chewing on Sophie. She's soft, squeaks and has a pleasant smell.

Review #: 615
Date: 01 1, 2014
Our 3.5 month old has started to teeth and really likes this Sophie Teether - she chews on the ears, face, and really likes the legs. She likes the squeaky sound too!!

Review #: 616
Date: 01 30, 2014
Wasn't sure why this teether is $20, but now I know! Baby loves it and bites on it all day long. It's cute and makes a squeaky noise and it's not annoying.

Review #: 617
Date: 03 7, 2013
When my son's teething is really bothering him, I give him this and he gnaws on it. It makes hi, feel so much better. The only bad thing is that my dog thinks it's a dog toy and he likes to steal on it and chew on it.

Review #: 618
Date: 04 2, 2013
This was cute, but expensive.  My daughter never &#34;asked&#34; or reached for this in particular, but it was cute and even comes with a cute name.  There are different types of parts to chew on.  The price is too high though...which is why I deducted a star.

Review #: 619
Date: 04 7, 2012
I registered for this teether and got it at one of my baby showers. It is so cute! It looks like a vintage toy.  The only problem is the squeaker inside it. I'm pretty sure if my son bit down on this, he'd have permanent damage to his hearing. It is uncomfortably loud for me to squeeze at a few feet from my face. I wanted to love Sophie, but I'll go with a less cute teether.

Review #: 620
Date: 10 22, 2013
Sophie is a great size for my 3 month old to play with.  He can easily grip her and he can chew on her as he wants.  Love her!

Review #: 621
Date: 02 26, 2009
This was an impulse buy, we have all been there, what got me was the reviews and the fact that my baby girl was teething and I just wanted something that she could really chomp on. Sophie is the winner. She has a cute face, she is french, and she squeaks, what more could you want. Oh and I read some reviews about the legs being choking hazards and think this is a bit ridiculous; first, use your own judgement as to whether your baby is old enough and strong enough to pull a toy out of their mouths if they gag; second, don't confuse gagging and choking. The gag reflex is a good thing and my baby girl gags on her own fingers and hands much more than Sophie. I like Sophie's spots and I like that she is made out of natural rubber that has a great familiar smell and is soft to touch. Great teether. Chomp, Chomp, Squeak, Squeak.

Review #: 622
Date: 02 7, 2011
It is a bit pricey, but our son loves his Sophie the Giraffe!  Even though he doesn't really hold onto things yet he likes to put her feet in his mouth and watch me move her in front of him.  Can't wait until he starts to play on his own with her, it is nice to know she's safe to chew on!

Review #: 623
Date: 12 29, 2012
I got this as a christmas gift. My 3 month old doesn't reach yet, and would only hold things for a short time if I put them in her hand. Sophie is the FIRST toy she has grabbed on her own and even puts it in her mouth! Its super easy for her to hold onto. I've tried giving her other toys since and she drops them like usual. I think this will be her first favorite anything!

Review #: 624
Date: 12 21, 2012
My twins have just started to grab this toy. I like how soft this item is and the noise it makes. Hoping to get hours of use out of this toy

Review #: 625
Date: 09 6, 2011
we love Sophie! Got as a gift and love it for my daughter to have it! Toy is light and soft.

Review #: 626
Date: 07 23, 2013
A friend told me to get this teether and I avoided it because it's a little more than I like to spend.  After going through a few teethers my little man didn't like, I caved and bought this one.  He loves it!  It must be the shape or the texture, but I can't get it back from him.

Review #: 627
Date: 11 15, 2010
I bought this for my neice and i have to say this lil toy makes her sooooo happy. Of all the things i like about sophie, is the fact that its not made in china and i know my neice is safe when she puts it in her mouth. It makes a great gift.

Review #: 628
Date: 10 16, 2011
I had seen many different things about Sophie the Giraffe but I still did not know if it was worth the money. So I read the reviews on it and they all said that "she" was worth every penny. So I bought it and my son loves it. Sophie is not his favorite teether but he does have fun chewing on it and making it squeak. His favorite is a silicone basting brush, no joke :)I am very happy with my purchase!

Review #: 629
Date: 01 8, 2010
Sophie is a fantastic teether toy, my son loves giraffes to begin with so imagine when I found this teether I had to get it for him.  It is a great toy for babies to chew on, soft and firm with just enough give to relieve their need to chew. The only thing is DO NOT try to microwave sterilize this as I did.  I chock it up to first time mom stupidity...  It ruins the squeezing mechanism that produces the little squeak sound when you squeeze it.  I don't think the baby cares, as he still chews on it all the time and loves talking to it too!  Still probably a nice "toy-ish" feature that I ruined.  As tempting as it is to replace, there is nothing wrong with the teether other then the sound so I am stuck with.  Just don't do it for yourself so that the baby might enjoy the noise maker as well.

Review #: 630
Date: 01 29, 2011
In shopping around for that perfect baby teething toy for my new little niece, this is one of the most AWESOME baby toy ideas I've also ever seen -Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether!!  I just wish she was around when my kids were babies - Watch the video and see how easy Sophie is for this adorable and enthusiastic 5 month old baby boy to hold onto, pass from hand to hand, pick up and see how he just LOVES chewing and sucking her legs - PERFECT & SAFE!!*Regarding "SAFE": BABIES NEED CONSTANT SUPERVISION!!  IF YOUR BABY IS CHOKING ON ANY TOY YOU NEED TO PAY CONSTANT ATTENTION TO HIM/HER & ALWAYS WATCH HIM CLOSELY - ALWAYS REMEMBER BABIES ARE CAPABLE OF ANYTHING IN THE BLINK OF AN EYE!!  BABIES REQUIRE LOTS OF LOVING CARE & THAT MEANS LOTS OF ATTENTION & CONSTANT SUPERVISION!!

Review #: 631
Date: 03 15, 2013
I was really hoping that my son would like this toy. I got it for him at three months. Five months later, he still doesn't care for it. It's an expense toy that is collecting dust. Bummer.

Review #: 632
Date: 03 7, 2009
Not made in China was the first reason I bought Sophie and my son loves chewing on her.  I feel comfortable because it was made with little chewers in mind and with good materials.

Review #: 633
Date: 09 18, 2010
My son started showing an interest in Sophie at around 4 months, but not before that. Once he could grasp it, he loved it (an easy toy for little hands to hold)! Now it's one of his favorite toys & keeps his interest for long periods of time. Doesn't really care about the squeaky option, but loves chewing on it (will come in handy when he starts teething).

Review #: 634
Date: 02 7, 2013
I definitely don't like how expensive this was, but my daughter loves it! She is 5 months old and can easily grab it by the legs or neck and loves to chew it! She also gets really excited when I make it squeak for her :)

Review #: 635
Date: 06 15, 2011
I didn't want to get her because she seemed so expensive.  Plus there was a lot of hype and really, I thought it was stupid. I was wrong.  My son loves her and I'm so glad I got it.  As with any toy, watch  your baby with it.  I can see how the legs could cause them to choke.

Review #: 636
Date: 04 27, 2011
Received this as a gift when our twins were born.  Though they weren't interested for awhile, they took interest in Sophie at around 6 months.  They're 8 months now and we take Sophie wherever we go....  mostly they like to chew on her legs.

Review #: 637
Date: 05 1, 2014
I was nervous about spending so much on a toy that my dog would potentially steal but my daughter loves it and talk to it all the time. She gnaws on it constantly and  would recommend.

Review #: 638
Date: 04 25, 2011
I've looked at Sophie since I was pregnant and had a hard time believing that a $17+ teether was worth the price. Still, I kept wondering. The design seemed to make sense, but I still couldn't justify the price. Now that my little man is 5 months old and starting to teethe and doesn't want much to do with the regular old freezer type teethers I bit the bullet and put Sophie in his Easter basket. She never even made it out of the basket before he started chomping away on her! In the past 24 hours he has chewed on her more than he's chewed on any other teething toy combined! Way to go, Sophie! :)

Review #: 639
Date: 10 19, 2012
Everyone told me I needed to get a sophie.  I refused to pay $20 for a teether, so finally my sister-in-law got us one.  That's when I learned it squeaked - which probably isn't the best thing if you own dogs - but not an deal breaker, since my son loved the squeak.  In fact that's the only reason he played/chewed it.Problem is  - the dog toys I have cost $.97 at walmart and this is a $20 toy - and the dog toys still squeak!!! This one stopped squeaking within 2 weeks of very gentle use (he wasn't full-on teething yet).  We didn't wash it - we didn't do anything aside from put it in a basket with other toys.  Somehow the small part inside that makes it squeak got dislodged & is now shaking around inside.My nanny has the same toy & she learned the hard way that you also cannot wash this toy.  She tried washing her 2nd one (her parents dogs ruined her first one...so she has now wasted $40 on teethers), water got inside the toy & that apparently ruins the squeaky function as well.For $20 I'd definitely expect better construction that would allow for washing & regular use - because without the squeak my son will chew this for maybe 10-20 seconds before moving on to something frozen or more interesting.  We own an absurd amount of teethers, probably over a dozen that we've bought ourselves and counting, and we've paid maybe $25 for all of those.  To pay almost that much for ONE that doesn't even keep is attention is just a complete waste of money.If you must own a sophie - buy the vanilla one with handles...we have that one (another gift) and he still chews it occasionally...so at least it's still getting use.

Review #: 640
Date: 12 29, 2012
Ok so I had heard of Sophie the Giraffe before and thought to myself "why would I spend so much $$$ on this teething toy when I can just buy my baby a cheap little one?" well I got one from Secret Santa and let me just say, I would deff buy it! he ignores all his other teething toys and just uses this one. Its so cute and he can use it in every angle, he puts the ears, feet, top, even front of Sophie in his mouth. Its also funny because his gums squeak and its cute. BUY THIS TEETHER!

Review #: 641
Date: 01 18, 2013
As a first time parent I heard a lot about sophie being amazing but I was so reluctant to buy because of the price. Well I am glad I finally bought - my 4 month loves to mouth sophie and loves her squeakiness. My sister boiled sophie - don't do - gave sophie permanent laryngitis. My sister-in-law brought sophie in the bath also don't do - again permanent laryngitis. Sophie is worth all the hype!

Review #: 642
Date: 12 17, 2012
I am stumped about the hype surrounding this toy.  Sophie has been through 2 babies in my house, and neither one of them has been interested.  At all.  They have chewed on clothing, fingers, food, other toys, stuffed animals, each other...  Everything except Sophie the Giraffe.  Sophie gets 2 stars for being as described (I believe mine to be authentic).  But considering that Sophie is an overpriced rubber chew toy, the cost is outrageous.

Review #: 643
Date: 09 25, 2012
I have given this teeter as a present several times. All of the mothers say this is their baby's favorite item. It's easy for the baby to hold and they use the ears, nose and feet for teething.

Review #: 644
Date: 06 30, 2014
My nephews and my four kids all had Sophie in the 70's and 80's, and Sophie hasn't changed: she is still the perfect teething toy!  She is the perfect size, the perfect weight, the perfect material.  Babies can grip her easily, hang on easily, and chew on multiple places.  She's great in the bath too but her squeeker gets water-logged for awhile.  She's perfect; a timeless toy!

Review #: 645
Date: 02 27, 2013
What a waste of $20. I don't know what all the hype is about. It's just a tiny squeaky giraffe, I could have gotten any tiny squeaky toy that my baby put in his mouth and called it a teether and sold it for $20.My baby is 4 months old and doesn't care much for it...

Review #: 646
Date: 08 15, 2013
My 4 month old baby loves to chew on this - the price is kinda high for a teether, but she loves it, so it's worth it.  I have to keep it up high, out of the way of my dog, as he loves the smell of it, and of course the squeaking too, he thinks it's one of his toys...

Review #: 647
Date: 06 27, 2013
My son loves this. He is 6 months old and getting his first tooth. He has been chewing on it since about 3 or 4 months old. We take it with him almost everywhere we go as it keeps him occupied and content. It's easy to clean if you drop it on the floor.My complaint is that some of the paint is wearing off. I suppose that is because it is food grade paint.

Review #: 648
Date: 03 9, 2013
Someone once referred to Sophie as &#34;baby crack&#34; and they weren't joking. I'm not sure why my son loves this thing soooo much but he does. So many parts to chew on, good squeaky noises. I'm not saying its something you must go out and buy, but I certainly wouldn't return it if I got it as a gift.

Review #: 649
Date: 12 26, 2011
A friend bought me Sophie as soon as she found out I was pregnant.  She said I had to have her, but I was skeptical.  I first gave it to my daughter around 3 months, but she wasn't interested.  Then around 6 months, it suddenly became her favorite thing in the world.  She loves to chew on her ears and her feet.  She can grip it nicely around the neck and wave it around, making it squeak (yes, it squeaks!) when it whack against something.  She comes everywhere with us - in the car set, to the doctor to distract her from shots, when we're out shopping to keep her occupied if I have to finish something up.  I'd say Sophie is a must!

Review #: 650
Date: 03 5, 2014
Yes, my 9 month old chews on it, but not much.  It's certainly not her favorite teething toy.  It's very pretty, but the squeaks are pretty loud and it's not as practical as some other teethers.

Review #: 651
Date: 01 20, 2011
my 6-month-old daughter LOVES Sophie. She has so many places to chew on and is easy for her little hands to hold on to. She chews on her legs and ears and nose, but even more than that she likes to grab sophie around her neck (somewhat disturbing to see sometimes) and squeeze her repeatedly to hear the squeak! The squeak was a problem at first because my dog thought the toy was for her. When my sister visits with her young husky, we have to keep Sophie away because the husky tries to steal it from the baby! My daughter loves the attention from the dogs so she thinks it's great, but I could see where it would be a problem if you have a younger dog who might be more aggressive about taking Sophie away. I was slightly worried at first from the reviews about Sophie's legs being a choking hazard, but I haven't noticed that at all. My daughter might have gagged on one of the legs at first, but she gags on her own hands more than she does with Sophie. And gagging is certainly different from airway obstruction. I would recommend Sophie to all my friends (who don't have ambitious dogs!)

Review #: 652
Date: 10 22, 2013
My son LOVES his Sophie.  He has had one since birth and I have bought one for each of my friends for a baby shower gift.  He chews on her all of the time!  I love that it is made from natural rubber and food grade dye and it can be washed with soap and water.  He loves her so much that most of her spots are worn off.  Best teething toy ever! And she is so Cute!

Review #: 653
Date: 03 28, 2011
My son is 6.5 months and he absolutely loves Sophie. He can get all of her legs, ears and face in his mouth-it's perfect for teething. Yes, it sounds like a dog toy and it's a little pricey but I promise that your baby will love Sophie. Also, we have accidentally gotten her wet and she dries out just fine and keeps on squeaking.

Review #: 654
Date: 09 13, 2013
Sophie is great! My son started using her at 6 months and he takes her everywhere now. He loves to chew her ears and legs and can easily grab on. Would recommend this product.

Review #: 655
Date: 07 7, 2014
Don't buy this.  I thought I found a great deal but after doing some research it really looks like this is a knock off.  Everything looks legit on the surface, but after buying a real Sophie in a trusted store, I compared the two and noticed obvious differences.  If you look online you can get info about how to spot a fake Sophie.  Long story short, if you're going to buy your baby the world's most expensive teething toy, just bite the bullet and buy it.  Don't try to pinch pennies and buy this cheap one.  I sent this back and had no problems with the return, but then I went to Target and bought the real deal.

Review #: 656
Date: 01 28, 2011
My son isn't teething yet and hasn't really used this toy but I must say I appreciate that it's constructed well and isn't made in China:)

Review #: 657
Date: 02 6, 2014
My baby loves her giraffe,  and actually I haven't seen it in a couple of days and think I might have to order another one.  That's a testament that we like and can't live without for now, anyways.

Review #: 658
Date: 11 28, 2013
Meh, my kid doesn't get the hype.  We received this from a friend whose daughter received THREE Sophies as gifts.  My son wasn't impressed.  Perhaps, at 9 months, he was already too old?  He really didn't give it more than a glance.  It's still in the toy box but he never reaches for it.  It's in pristine condition, and I will probably be passing it on to a cousin as a back-up, since she really loves hers.

Review #: 659
Date: 07 30, 2010
I thought this would be a nice teether for my three-month-old, since her mouth is too small for most teething aids. Wish I had looked at it in person first - it really is nothing more than an organically-sourced dog toy. The thing even smells like a dog toy, not something I would want in my mouth, let alone my daughter's. The squeaker is loud, not soothing at all, and the "skin" has an unpleasant texture, like the inside of a powdered latex glove. I would recommend this to the owner of a small dog, but not to a parent.

Review #: 660
Date: 04 26, 2013
My son loves his Sophie. He takes it everywhere and noms on it like its never going out of style.

Review #: 661
Date: 05 10, 2011
My son really likes this toy, but not necessarily more than his other toys. I still like it though. The only downsides are that it is too expensive and also the squeaker became dislodged about a week after we got it, so it does not make noise any more. So sad.

Review #: 662
Date: 09 30, 2012
My son likes Sophie but does not use her as much as I would like.  He will chew everything in sight except for his pacifier and his teethers. I really wanted him to always use this one but not so much luck. He however does not refuse her as he would the other items.

Review #: 663
Date: 03 30, 2014
Its nice, well made. However I also bought the little monkey from target months prior to purchasing this and my 8mo old son loves that more. He barely even looks at this in his toy bin, and certainly doesn't chew it. I think the product is a little overrated...

Review #: 664
Date: 11 27, 2011
My 5-month old played with Sophie off and on for a few days and now she isn't interested in it at all.  It seems like a quality product, but she's just indifferent to it at this point.

Review #: 665
Date: 02 23, 2013
Every new mom should get one of these. They are the best teething toy. My son was attached to this for the longest time. Even now over a year old, he will still gnaw on the legs when he is teething.

Review #: 666
Date: 06 11, 2011
I had high hopes for this highly praised teether.  Baby loves to chew on it, but only for short amounts of time.  It's the taste of rubber that baby finds unappealing.  I have washed the toy in warm soapy water several times and still cannot get rid of the rubbery taste.  My son will chew on it, then gets a look of disgust across his face, chew on it more, drools, more looks of disgust, then eventually drops it.  I put it in my mouth to see what all the weird looks are about and sure enough it has a weird rubbery taste no matter how many times I wash it.  After my baby is done chewing on it, I go to give him a kiss and his mouth and cheeks smell "rubbery".  I also have to watch him closely because the giraffe legs can easily gag baby, but that's his favorite part to chew on, of course.  Other than those two gripes it's a good teether.  It's soft, good size, cute, and my son is attracted to it.  Just wish I could make it not smell/taste so bad!

Review #: 667
Date: 02 3, 2014
Sophie was a lifesaver during my daughters first year.  She started teething around 3 months, which is when we bought Sophie.  She loved it from the first second I gave it to her, and she barely put it down over the following six months.  In fact, she liked Sophie so much that I started buying Sophie's as gifts for other babies we knew.  They loved them just as much as my daughter.  This is a safe and excellent way to help your child through teething.

Review #: 668
Date: 12 11, 2012
We just got this teether and my 10 month old son loves it. His top front teeth are coming in and he has been pretty grumpy, but as soon as I gave him this teether he sat still and chewed it for a good 15 minutes.. He's currently in his exersaucer watching yo gabba gabba and holding on to it tight. He just loves it. He giggles with delight when it sqeaks..

Review #: 669
Date: 10 28, 2013
I was expecting something make of a harder plastic, like the one a friend of mine has. This had a more...rubbery dog toy consistancy. My daughter still chews on it, but it doesn't really do much in the way of teething.

Review #: 670
Date: 05 3, 2012
The biggest issue with a baby is that they like to explore everything by putting them in the mouth and while teething they just love to chew and chew and chew.Sophie, was our son's favorite toy ever. He chewed the heck out of it.Pros:Made of virgin rubbercleans very easy,Does not shed any color or peal after being chewedVery flexible, does not hurt the baby or poke in eye etcThe head or legs are perfect fit into that tiny mouth.The best chew toy ever.cons:Cost: At the expensive side, but worth it since your child does not chew on "other" not so safe items, this satisfies all their teething needs..Net: Your one stop teether, chewing toy.. LOVE IT.

Review #: 671
Date: 06 4, 2009
nan

Review #: 672
Date: 09 29, 2012
Sophie is a must have for every baby. I have bought so many of these I have lost count.  Every Mom and Dad say it is their go to toy for calming the baby.  If you buy one, buy two, you will want more of these!

Review #: 673
Date: 10 11, 2010
We take Sophie for every car ride.. she is the only actual teether that my son will gnaw on! We lost a Sophie in the mall and had to order a replacement!

Review #: 674
Date: 01 7, 2011
This is the perfect toy for a new baby. Santa brought this to my newborn, and she loved it since the first time she had it. She was playing with it from the very first moment.

Review #: 675
Date: 04 25, 2012
I didn't realize how soft the material is and that it squeaks when pressed. I love it and try to get my baby interested in it but he just passes it by. If he were squeaking it all the time though I would have to restrict his time playing with it so as to not go crazy.

Review #: 676
Date: 02 6, 2010
baby likes it a lot. He is six months old now and it seems to sooth him when he chews on it. I also feel comfortable about the material it is made of, but that could just be marketing. I am not worried about the dye because I think they said it is food grade dye. It is soft and pliable, easy to chew. It is really cute too. I would get another for my next baby if this one is worn out.

Review #: 677
Date: 04 10, 2010
I seriously don't know what all the fuss is about this thing.  Yes my daughter likes it somewhat but she is not IN LOVE.  Doesn't like it enough to justify $20 on a chew toy.  I say chew toy because I've had several people tell me they thought it looked like a dog toy.  Waaaaaaaaay overpriced.

Review #: 678
Date: 08 16, 2013
This is a cute giraffe and a great teething item, but my son never really cared for it. I know a ton of kids who do...but mine just didn't. I would buy it for someone else because it is great for teething, but for us, it ended up just being another &#34;toy&#34;.

Review #: 679
Date: 11 17, 2012
Sophie goes everywhere with us.  My 7-month-old always has this within reach no matter what other toys he may be playing with.

Review #: 680
Date: 01 12, 2009
I felt in love with Sophie the very first time I saw her. THANK GOD I HAVE A DAUGHTER! So I bought it "for her". But, Oh My!... my daughter loves Sophie too! She was 3 months old when Sophie arrived at our house. The very first moment she saw Sophie, she smiled. Now Sophie is her company, and even makes her stop crying. Sophie is soft for my baby's gums and even though people say that the rubber smell bothers them, I like it. My daughter loves to suck on her face and ears. Sophie is a really great toy, and even though the price is a little high, believe me, it's worth it. I would buy Sophie again here at Amazon if we lost her. We are really pleased with this cute toy.

Review #: 681
Date: 03 30, 2013
My daughter loves it! I have had no problems. I did not get it for her until she was 9 months old. I wish I had gotten it a few months ago. I would recommend Sophie to  any parent with a teething baby.

Review #: 682
Date: 12 15, 2013
I didn't think a toy could be this fantastic - my baby loves it and literally carries it with her (she's 6 months). Great gift or purchase for a baby - loves it!

Review #: 683
Date: 01 12, 2009
We have had our eye on this before our child was born.  Having spent time in Paris made it even more appealing to us.Sophie is a hit with our 6 month old.  He loves to hold it and examine all her spots and features.  And of course she goes right into his mouth.  When she squeaks, he giggles.It is made of a soft rubber and doesn't have a rubber odor, which is nice.  It comes with a cute little card to record your baby's stats and put a photo of your baby with Sophie.Just an all around great classic toy, and one your child will probably want to hold onto throughout their life as a reminder of their childhood.

Review #: 684
Date: 01 12, 2011
Before you buy an expensive teether like Sophie the Giraffe, figure out if your baby even likes teethers by trying a cheaper, BPA-free one from Target ($3).  I found out my baby is indifferent to teethers AFTER I bought Sophie for $21.  He prefers his hand or thumb. He simply looks at Sophie, then looks away.

Review #: 685
Date: 08 27, 2012
I bought this for my daughter when she was 9 months old.  She's now 26 months and throughout this time Sophie got about the same amount of use which was little to none.  My daughter liked it at first but just for an hour, after that it went into her pile of toys.  She never used it to chew on or carried it anywhere.Overtime it has faded and all the spots are off which was a huge disappointment considering the cost of this teether.  She occasionally picks it up now and makes it squeak and brings a smile to her face then it gets tossed aside again.  There were many other much cheaper teethers that she had which she used a lot more.

Review #: 686
Date: 07 7, 2012
We received this as a gift.  Our baby loves to chew on it.  He is 9 months now and has been using it since we was about 4 months old.  It is one of our favorite toys to hold onto and chew.  It also washes up easy for when it falls on the floor.

Review #: 687
Date: 05 27, 2013
&#34;Jerry&#34; the Giraffe (as we call it) is a fun squeak toy - my little one just loves to chew on him. So far it has withstood significant amounts of chewing with no problem. The only complaints I have is that it is over priced and it seems to get &#34;scuff&#34; marks on him that are very hard to clean off.

Review #: 688
Date: 01 16, 2014
I have always been skeptical of the Sophie teether. My daughter got her teeth early and didn't have issues with teething so we never saw the need to purchase a teether.  All the while my siblings and in-laws raved about their Sophie teethers.  Well my son, who is now 6mo, started teething at 3mo and was miserable. The poor thing wants to jam anything and everything in his mouth for relief. We tried the freezer teethers, dolls, teething rings, etc., but those didn't seem to work.  I finally gave in and bought a Sophie. Let me just say we take it everywhere! He has 6 teeth and this giraffe helped get him through.  He gnaws on it to his heart's content!  It's easy to clean and also a fun squeak toy to distract him if he gets fussy in public.  I am no longer skeptical and I would recommend this to parents of infants that have difficulty with teething.

Review #: 689
Date: 11 29, 2010
Sophie is utterly addictive for my 4month old.  He chews it, swings it around, makes it squeak, stares at it - it keeps him occupied for a good long time.

Review #: 690
Date: 08 4, 2011
Let me be the 1,3777th person to review Sophie the Giraffe.  (I know, what's the point after 1,376 reviews, right?)  Will this review ever be read, besides the amazon guy or computer screening reviews?  And still... like the 1,376 before me, I will have my say too.My crazily teething five month old adores this thing.  Yes, it's overpriced.  I heard this giraffe sells for a dollar or two in France and that "poor" kids play with it there.  That's probably true, but whatever, I don't really care.  All I know is that my teething infant loves Sophie (and chews on and abuses her dreadfully, and she takes it all with nary a complaint) and that's enough for me.

Review #: 691
Date: 12 22, 2013
We adore this little giraffe; it was the first thing we bought when we found out we were pregnant.  Timeless!

Review #: 692
Date: 07 2, 2011
Our daughter Charlotte LOVES Sophie the giraffe! She can grab it and loves to chew on her ears and horns. I read the reviews and was skeptical to spend so much on a childs teether but I found it was worth it to have my child love it so much. Charlotte is 4 months old and is learning to grab and pull to her mouth and Sophie helps her increase her abilities. She grabs her by the neck or legs and loves to gnaw on her head :) We have purchased and received quite a few teethers but this is by far her favorite. Its all in the rubber, she smell and the squeak that makes Sophie lovable!

Review #: 693
Date: 11 5, 2011
I still do not understand why my 5 month old loves this toy but it is her absolute favorite.  She loves to "give her kisses" and gets excited everytime she sees her.  Yes, she is expensive and we cannot figure out why but both my husband and I agree that she loves it so much that it is worth it.  I am glad that I could read all of the raving reviews on Amazon otherwise I probably never would have but it but very happy that I did.

Review #: 694
Date: 11 15, 2013
Had one for my first two children but it had seen a lot of love so I bought another one for my third child. I don't know what it is with these giraffes, but babies just love them. They are easy to hold, soft to chew on. Great baby-toy and something I buy for new parents.

Review #: 695
Date: 10 15, 2011
After reading the reviews over and over I debated getting this teether. So many people said it was great but others claimed the legs pose a choking hazard. I decided to purchase it. What I found with Sophie and ALL other baby toys is that they must be used with supervision. Any toy can be a hazard if not used properly.  Sophie is soft, squaky, easy to clean and after 6 months of use her color is the same as the day she came out of the package. A must have for teething babies. Sophie is sure to be a great companion for your baby!

Review #: 696
Date: 11 23, 2009
Looking at the price and then at this simple little squeak toy, you might be tempted to walk past without so much as a second glance. Don't.  Give it that second look!  Sophie's body is velvet-y soft and smooth.  Her legs and head are the perfect size and shape for eager, teething little mouths to gnash against their swollen gums.  Also, Sophie squeaks.  A simple, sweet tiny little squeak.  Nothing very special, but just enough.  That's just the thing.  No bells and whistles here.  Just a nice little chew toy that squeaks. Babies really don't need more than that, do they?  My six month-old is a bit on the grumpy side, so when her eyes grow wide with delight at the sight of her friend Sophie, I'm glad I didn't pass it by.  She loves this toy.  I love my girl.  And I love sweet little Sophie.

Review #: 697
Date: 02 22, 2011
I had Sophie when I was a baby so when my baby started teething, I bought her during an Amazon discount. He loves Sophie's squeakiness and the relief she gives to his itchy gums. Sophie's amazing and I highly recommend purchasing it. Wait for a sale if the price is too high but don't pass up on her!

Review #: 698
Date: 05 7, 2013
There is a reason there is so much hype surrounding Sophie - she really is THAT amazing. Always a great shower gift, Sophie manages to make children adore her without crazy bright colors or vibrations or flashing lights. Just a simple almost vintage feeling design, a silly squeaker sound we squeezed, and somehow both my infant and even his 4 year old brother just adore Sophie and she gets daily play. This was the first toy my infant son learned to grasp, at only 2.5 months, and is a must have item whenever we pack the diaper bag. In fact Im looking to buy a backup Sophie just in case anything ever happened to the first - dont know what we would do without her!

Review #: 699
Date: 06 17, 2014
My little one does not care for Sophie at 3 months old. He won't squeeze or play with her and he doesn't like the rubbery texture. Everyone I know loves it though, just not for us.

Review #: 700
Date: 03 7, 2012
Item was received extemely fast and im overseas.  The toy has great texture, good colors, it has a little squeaker in it and is all around "cute" according to my wife.  I think our daughter will love it when she is big enough to appreciate it.

Review #: 701
Date: 04 15, 2010
My son is just starting to teeth and this is the one thing that he will chew on and suck on for relief.  He reaches for, holds on to it and seems to really enjoy it.The giraffe is safe, easy to clean, simple to travel with and perfect!Highly recommend it.  The price is worth it- other teething items do not compare.  Plus, my son actually uses this!

Review #: 702
Date: 01 19, 2013
I was really skeptical about Sophie, I didn't think a silly toy could be as great as the hype said. But, my five month old baby loves her! She really loves chewing on it. It does squeak when squeezed, but I think it's a cute sound. If you squeeze too hard, though, it can be quite loud. I paid $16 and probably wouldn't pay much more- I've seen Sophie on other sites for up to $25! She's much smaller than I was expecting, which is good for tiny hands.Overall, I'm glad I bought Sophie, and would recommend her to others.

Review #: 703
Date: 05 2, 2012
This is really good quality stuff(way overpriced) for its kind( a same product by a different brand will be 1/4 of cost).My baby chews on everything he gets her hands on EXCEPT this, hope over the time. Hope over the time it becomes a interesting thing as I saw so many reviews and vids of babies using it.It will last long as the product quality is very good.

Review #: 704
Date: 09 17, 2009
I bought this around five months when my daughter began signs of teething.  She loved it then and still finds it to be her favorite toy.  She loves chewing on the face, rubbing parts of it against her gums and new teeth (and being amazed with the sound she gets from doing it), she loves the squeeky noise, and there is something about Sophie's face that makes her light up with glee every time she sees it.  Sometimes she carries it with her to bed and when she wakes up in the morning she is still clutching it.  Incredible how such a simple toy can bring so much joy and entertainment.

Review #: 705
Date: 11 24, 2010
This product is great for my 4-month old son to chew on. He can grasp it and hold it for a while.The legs are pretty long so I have to be staring at him the entire time he plays with it- otherwise he'll gag. I mean literally staring at him while he chews on it!Also- if you have dogs beware- the giraffe squeaks just like a dog toy and my dogs go nuts!

Review #: 706
Date: 03 14, 2013
had to return it because i couldn't stand the rubber smell...so sad because i really wanted him to gnaw on sophie :(

Review #: 707
Date: 09 17, 2013
Very pretty, safe material, good to pratise grasping with, different parts can be chewed on. My baby looks so cute when she holds the giraff in hand.

Review #: 708
Date: 06 3, 2013
My 9 mo instantly took to this teether - it became his favorite.... and I love this its natural rubber. I hate him putting plastic products in his mouth!

Review #: 709
Date: 09 19, 2011
I must not have read this carefully enough.  When I received this in the mail, it is about the height I thought it would be but it feels, looks and sounds like a dog Squeak toy.  This is just my initial impression though.  it is easy to squeeze and my cat has fallen in love with it.  When my daughter is old enough to play with it, i will update this more.

Review #: 710
Date: 02 19, 2013
I wasn't sure what all the fuss was about with Sophie but I purchased one for my daughter and she loves it! The size is pretty good, it packs into the diaper bag well. It squeaks which she likes and has lots of palces that are easy for her to grip and maneuver to chomp all over. My husband thinks it's kind of like a dog toy...I guess it is but she likes it so I go with it, lol. I wash hers now and then with warm soapy water, careful not to get any inside of the little opening on the back. It seems to be a good quality toy so I don't mind the price too much.

Review #: 711
Date: 04 11, 2014
I saw Sophie everywhere when I was pregnant. I did not understand the appeal. I'm a fan of giraffes, but I didn't think that everyone was.Yea, natural rubber and materials are nice and all, but really? Its a rubber squeaky toy. I couldn't understand it. But I got one anyway.My daughter loved it. She is 2 and still loves it. I had to hide it to give it to a friend with a teething baby. Something about the squeak and the nubs and something makes this an incredibly adorable teething toy.I highly recommend it. I still couldn't tell you why, but trust me, its awesome.

Review #: 712
Date: 02 15, 2013
We renamed him Oscar...he is great and my little one still loves to play with him after 2 years.  I love how he washes up so easy and he smells good too. :)

Review #: 713
Date: 11 13, 2009
My daughter is 4 months old, and is really starting to chew on things.  I wanted something safe, so I bought her a Sophie.  She loves it!  Once she discovered she could make it squeak, she liked it even more.  The rubber does have kind of a strange smell, but that doesn't seem to bother her.  She likes to chew on the legs the most.  I would definitely recommend this product for other little teethers out there.

Review #: 714
Date: 12 8, 2012
It is the best teether ever. It does the job and my son loves it. Every baby should have one.

Review #: 715
Date: 01 5, 2013
This was one of the few things that fit my sons mouth when he started teething at 3 months . Everything else was too big, this was perfect, he could chew on it's legs or head. Also, if you put it thru the dishwasher, the squeeker doesn't work any more.  That's a tip, not a complaint :)

Review #: 716
Date: 01 2, 2011
My daughter is two days shy of 4 months old and just started chewing on Sophie's ears/antlers/mouth yesterday. I noticed the rubber is ALREADY peeling back on the antlers area, and also on two of the legs. Very concerning, last thing I need is my daughter swallowing a chunk of rubber. It's not just peeling a tiny bit either, it's a good size chunk. I really wanted to like this toy, I heard great things about it, but to me I cannot see how this is even remotely safe...The seams of the toy are choppy so I understand how the rubber is peeling back so easily, it simply is not safe and poorly constructed. Would never recommend this to anyone with an infant. My daughter doesn't even have a single tooth yet and wasn't chewing on it very rough, so I can't even understand why it happened this easily...

Review #: 717
Date: 03 31, 2011
This is my daughters FAVORITE teether. Not sure what the appeal is from her perspective =) I think it may possibly be that the texture of sophie allows her to get grip on it with her gums. This is just a guess but whatever the reason is, she loves it!!

Review #: 718
Date: 01 7, 2011
My daughterloves Sophie - she gums the heck out of her and gets endless entertaiment from gumming her feet, then her butt, then her head, then back to the feet...Worth every penny we spent, Sophie has been enduring my daughter's abuse for over 3 months and is sill in good shape - only a little faded on the feet, still in one piece. Bonus points for being easy to clean. This toy goes EVERYWHERE with us. Highly recommended for all teething tots.

Review #: 719
Date: 11 15, 2013
Best teething toy ever. I ended up buying a 2nd one that how much my son loves it! and every baby-18month old that comes over always goes for it and chews on it. It's seriously a must for any teething baby and makes a great gift!

Review #: 720
Date: 02 4, 2011
Not only does my almost 4 month old love Sophie, but so do I. I only give her non-toxic, natural toys and Sophie is one of those. I'm glad we received 3 as gifts in addition to the one we bought because it's obvious they will all be needed.

Review #: 721
Date: 10 10, 2013
Got this as a gift for a 6 month old niece who's teething. She loves it and would put it in her mouth all the time. Great deal, bought it based on rave reviews on Amazon.

Review #: 722
Date: 04 2, 2014
We are on our 3rd Sophie. Not by Sophie's fault, unless she comes with an invisibility cloak, because we have lost two Sophies. My baby takes Sophie with him everywhere. He loves Sophie. I would venture to say that at 7 months, Sophie is the ONLY toy he loves. The cry around my house from parents, grandparents, uncles, siblings, etc, when my son is fussy is, &#34;Where is Sophie?!&#34;  Because Sohpie will almost always calm him down. Think about it. It must be worth it for me to buy a third one at $20 a pop.And I can say that so far (2 out 3, the 3rd one is not here yet) all of our Sophies bought on Amazon have been authentic. I am pretty sure all three have been ordered from different sellers. We will see when the third one gets here if they continue to be authentic.

Review #: 723
Date: 06 12, 2013
I so wanted to love this when I bought it for my son three years ago. He was not at all interested in it and never used it as a teether. I kept it and gave it to my daughter. She will hold it in her hands and play with it, but still does not have interest in using it as a teether. For the price, it just wasn't worth it for me. I know others who have kids and love this, but mine just don't seem to get her charm...

Review #: 724
Date: 05 5, 2010
This teether is cute and my son seems to like it.  He wasn't interested in chewing on it until AFTER his teeth came in, but my dog was interested from day one when she heard the giraffe squeaking.  (We kept the dog away from it, though.)  The teether is cute, easy to clean, and easy to find due to its larger size.

Review #: 725
Date: 11 6, 2013
My son likes his Sophie, but it is in no way this &#34;amazing&#34; &#34;must have&#34; teething toy in my opinion. It is cute, don't get me wrong but for the price I could have bought him two nice teethers so I could keep an extra in my diaper bag. Maybe it's only him, but it wasn't a hit. I'm going to wash it and put it away, maybe the next kid will like it.

Review #: 726
Date: 06 22, 2009
I got this for my baby when he was around 5 months old. He loved chewing on it from day one. It was a little smaller than I expected but it was light and very easy for the baby to handle. You have to squeeze the body or head to get it to squeeze. When the baby is chewing on it, you just hear a rubbing rubber noise.The baby is now 8 months old with two teeth and still like to chew on it. Sophie is still looking pretty good but the color has started to fade on the areas where chews on the most (ears and hooves).Your friends will make fun of you for buying such an expensive "chew toy" but it is totally worth it :)

Review #: 727
Date: 08 2, 2012
I couldn't ignore the hundreds of positive reviews and I like that it is safe for babies to chew on. Essentially, its a natural, expensive, squeaky dog toy that babies seem to love... my daughter is one of them. She loves to chew on it and gets into a rhythm with the squeaking. She's happy, interested, and able to grasp it, so I am happy to have one for her.

Review #: 728
Date: 12 23, 2013
My baby loves her Sophie. She is always playing with her and nibbling on her.  The only small complaint I have is that when I wash the giraffe and use a paper towel to dry it off, the colors from the paper towel wipe off on to the giraffe - so make sure you use a plain white paper towel or a real towel to dry her off!

Review #: 729
Date: 05 10, 2011
My daughter is 5 months and teething. We have tried countless other teething toys because I was definitely not going to pay 20 bucks for something she is just going to chew on. Needless to say, after many other items did not work or were much to big to fit in her small mouth, we caved in and got the Sophie. Best 20 bucks every spent. She loves it and can fit various parts in her mouth to soothe her aching gums. I like that it is made with natural rubber and food based paint, makes me feel so much better knowing more "organic" items are going in her mouth.

Review #: 730
Date: 04 27, 2012
My son didn't really enjoy Sophie at first when he was 6mo old.  Now that he is 8mo, he loves hitting it to make it squeaks, and would chew on Sophie's head and legs to sooth his itching gum.  I like that Sophie doesn't make annoying noise like the other toys that play loud music.  When we're out, I would wrap a toy strap around Sophie's neck, then I will feel sorry for Sophie.

Review #: 731
Date: 05 14, 2014
you don't quite make the cut. walmart now has versions of this that are cuter, less than half the price, and an easier chew design. too hyped up

Review #: 732
Date: 04 16, 2009
My 4 month old son is teething, and I've tried all kinds of teethers, but none seem to satisfy him. So, when I read the reviews for Sophie, I figured all these people couldn't be wrong. When I first got her, I was glad that Sophie is not hard, inflexible rubber, which she looks like from the picture. She is much softer, like the rubbery consistency of a dog toy, which some people have already commented on. My thoughts regarding Sophie's likeness to a dog toy is not a far-fetched comparison; this is especially so with the way the squeaker sounds. Our dog LOVES this thing! I have to hide it, but he goes sniffing for it. Anyway, when our son first got his hands on this thing, it went straight into his mouth. And he smiles every time Sophie squeaks, which is so cute to see. He also smiles when he "gums" Sophie's body, especially her legs (hooves, actually). So, judging from the way my son puts it in his mouth, and smiles when he does so, I'd say she was a worthwhile purchase, but it is very pricey, nonetheless, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. It's handmade, made of natural rubber (from the sap of the Havea tree), hand-painted with food grade colors, and the finished product takes 14 steps to complete. It's been around since 1961 (or 65, I can't remember)and hasn't changed since. But even though she'll be a keepsake, the price is exaggerated. If you want a teether that works, however, Sophie is worth it.

Review #: 733
Date: 06 11, 2013
Sophie is so awesome! Baby loves to chew, hit, and snuggle this cutie.  It is made out of all safe stuff so it is a perfect solution to give to baby...we love ours!

Review #: 734
Date: 12 3, 2012
Everyone loves this thing.  I think my daughter likes it, but it is far from her favorite toy to chew on.  Maybe it will grow on her....

Review #: 735
Date: 05 8, 2013
When I first saw this teether, I thought it was horribly overpriced.  But then I heard from friends how great it was, so then I gave in to peer pressure and bought one anyway.  And I am glad that I did.  The giraffe makes a soft squeak that my daughter loved and the texture of it is nice and soft.  She always seemed to gravitate towards this teether over any of her others.

Review #: 736
Date: 12 6, 2012
We got Sophie for our son when he was 4 mo old and he really liked it but he didn't love it till he was a little older. I think these are a little bulky for younger teathers but once they hit about 6mo they LOVE them. My son loved Sophie so much it was the toy that usually made the diaper bag cut. somewhere along the way we lost Sophie so now we are getting a second one for our newest addition to the family who is now 6 mo old. Its a great toy and our family loves it, including the older kids. The rubber smell is pretty strong but in the long run this didn't bother me or my son.

Review #: 737
Date: 07 8, 2014
My baby wasn't interested in this expensive teether. I was disappointed because, well, Sophie is cute and I like her. I think it depends on the baby if the purchase is worth it. My cousin's baby is a few months younger than my son and she loves it. I gave it to her to enjoy.

Review #: 738
Date: 07 29, 2011
I bought into the hype (I mean seriously, the top selling baby item on Amazon? How could you go wrong?), but Sophie was a bust in our house. My son did chew on Sophie, but it wasn't earth-shatteringly awesome, profound chewing if you catch my drift. In fact, he was just as enthusiastic about gnawing on a plastic hanger from his closet. So I feel a little stupid for shelling out SO much cash (people, the price is ridiculous) for this very much average squeaky toy. It did win me some mom-points I guess, since other moms would ooh and ahh when they saw my son munching away on Sophie's leg, saying, "Oh we just LOVE our Sophie." I wonder what they'd say if they saw him happily chewing on his beloved coat hanger?

Review #: 739
Date: 12 28, 2012
My first born loved his Sophie the Giraffe when he was teething. She is very cute and good for a girl or a boy. I have since bought 2 as presents and new one for baby #2. I have not figured out how to clean her without washing away her spots.

Review #: 740
Date: 03 12, 2014
My son loves this little teether, he actually look for it know, he is 5 months and his two pop out, and thanks to Sophie and baby oral jell he is not missing any sleep.

Review #: 741
Date: 03 11, 2011
I am slightly disappointed with this. For the price, I expected more then a dog squeaky toy. I didn't even know it squeaked. I thought the legs would be longer and the head smaller, so it would be easier for my son to chew on, since it is a "teething toy". My son could take it or leave it. I would definitely not spend the money again. I do not recommend it.

Review #: 742
Date: 04 17, 2013
Drool! Drool! And more Drool! You know what time it is? Time for teeth and more drool! At first sight I thought to myself that this giraffe looks irritating with the kind of face you just wanna punch. I guess that's exactly why our daughter 3.5 months with two front teeth loves Sophie! If you precious bundle of joy is experiencing the added irritation of getting their teeth then get them Sophie. I always read reviews before I order things from Amazon, and I read reviews that said things like &#34;DOG TOY&#34; &#34;BAD SMELL&#34; &#34;DOTS COMING OFF&#34; and a whole bunch of other stuff, and almost passed up on Sophie. NOT TRUE! Get Sophie! She's so cute and I no longer wanna punch her face in because she helps my daughter so much and now I see Sophie as a Saint! Saint Sophie!Sophie is in great shape! Not only is she slim and fit but she is also extremely easy for baby to hold! After taking Sophie out of her house...I mean box and washing her well my wife handed her to our daughter and right away she could hold Sophie and chomp on her neck like a vampire! Really! It was so spontaneous! It's like our daughter was pre programed to know exactly what Sophie was there for! Now she has moved on and taken more interest in gnawing on Sophie's legs, sometimes she even has fits about chewing on her snout! The best part about this is that she feels better when she's chewing on Sophie kind of like when a Lion is chewing on a giraffe in Africa.I wouldn't wait to get Sophie especially if your baby is irritated all the time because their teeth is starting to protrude. Next time your baby starts to cry and get fussy look at Sophies face and if you feel like punching her in the nose BUY Sophie! I would also recommend getting the Fisher Price Seahorse with the glowing belly!!

Review #: 743
Date: 05 2, 2011
baby loves this. i just bought second to keep at grandmas, but it seems different than the first one i bought, is this possible?  amazon sold both teethers to me so i dont get it.  the first one is very soft and flexible but the second one i got today is pretty stiff and is a darker color.

Review #: 744
Date: 01 31, 2014
After spending a small fortune on teethers I decided to try Sophie and glad I did.  My niece loves it.  Only negative thing is you cannot place them in hot water or the dishwasher.  We may invest in other Vulli teethers.

Review #: 745
Date: 10 28, 2010
I got this when my son was 20 months old b/c he was getting his back teeth and kept sticking his hand way down his mouth to knaw on them. His other teethers weren't long enough to massage the back gums, they really just reached the front. So I thought this one would be great for him. I still think it would have been great for him, but he wouldn't give it the time of day. He was already happy to just knaw on his hand.We're expecting another baby now and I'll give this to him at a much younger age and see if maybe he'll take it better :)

Review #: 746
Date: 09 25, 2013
I had heard all the rave reviews about Sophie, but really didn't want to spend $20 on a rubber baby toy. It just seemed ridiculous.  But when teething came on full-force in our house, we were pretty much willing to do anything to give the baby some relief.  He loved Sophie right away and I knew we weren't going to regret getting it for him.  The toy is easy for a baby to hold and chew on, giving lots of relief for painful gums.But...the squeaker. I hate that squeaker. It absolutely does not need to squeak. It doesn't entertain the baby at all. The only thing is does seem to do is drive the dog bonkers. I'd rip that squeaker out if I could.  Having said that, I don't think the squeaker should deter you from purchasing Sophie. It's a great teething toy otherwise.I will say, the baby seems a little less interested in Sophie when he's not actively teething, but that's alright with me. She'll be waiting for him when the next tooth starts to appear.

Review #: 747
Date: 04 13, 2011
My little toddler no longer plays with Sophie the giraffe, but she liked it quite a bit when she was younger. She was reaching for it often enough that we bought an extra one (the first was a gift). It seems a bit pricey for one rubber toy (about $20 retail), but having trouble finding similar toys that are phthalate and BPA free during her teething phase, I sprang for Sophie #2. Sophie is made of natural rubber and, according to the manufacturer's description, has a singular scent of rubber.I was not a big fan of this "singular scent of rubber" as it is initially very strong out of the box. However, a few washings got rid of the unpleasant smell. A big advantage to Sophie is that she is extremely easy to wash, so you can wash and dry her multiple times a day. However, be careful not to get water into her...Sophie has a small air hole that makes her squeak when you squeeze her. If you get water in this hole, she no longer squeaks. Just cover it with your finger or use a small piece of tape when washing it under water.Vulli, the maker of Sophie, also makesVulli Chan Pie Gnon Natural Rubber Soft Chew Toy, Yellowif you are looking for some variety.I also bought aWaldorf Maple Teether Natural Teething Ringwhich she also seemed to enjoy, but not as much as she liked Sophie. The wooden ring has outlived its usefulness as a teether and is currently being used as her play bracelet.UPDATE (2012.01.26): I've docked 2 stars off my original 5 star review. I have had Baby #2 since the review, and although he enjoys Sophie as much as Baby #1, he is much more voracious than she ever was. So he tends to stick Sophie's leg far into his mouth and gags on it. Teething on Sophie is not a problem when he is lying down. But when he is sitting in his high chair or in an Exer-saucer and Sophie is "accidentally" secured in place (wedged between him and the seat, wedged between toys in the Exer-saucer, etc), the legs can go quite far into his mouth and make him gag.I'm no longer comfortable letting him play with Sophie...and although it worked well for my firstborn, it is a bust with my second. I may have to buy him the Chan Pie Gnon instead.

Review #: 748
Date: 06 11, 2013
When I purchased this, I didn't realize it had a squeeker inside that makes it sound like a dog chew toy.  I think I still would have purchased it with all of the high ratings, but this caught me off guard.  We purchased this for my 3 month old son who is teething.  He hasn't quite gotten to the stage where everything he grabs goes into his mouth, so he won't play with the giraffe and gnaw on it as we hoped.  If you hold the head (specifically the ears) to his mouth, he will chew on them for just a second before spitting it out.  I'm hoping that he'll grow into this toy, but for now it gets a mediocre review.  I'll update if/when he becomes a fan of this chew toy.**UPDATE:  Well, it has been several weeks now, and he loves his Sophie.  It's tied for top chew toy with the Nuby chew thing that looks like a peanut at the top.  Overall fairly happy, but still wish it didn't squeak.

Review #: 749
Date: 11 4, 2012
Out son will chew on this Giraffe on and off all day. He has been teething and seems to get some relief with this. We bought this when he was about 3 months and he like being able to grab it, make it squeak, chew on it. We carry this with us everywhere! It is the one constant toy he has had the past 3 months. So glad we made this purchase.

Review #: 750
Date: 01 6, 2011
This little toy is cute and fun to chew on for babies, but my dog couldn't help but notice the same thing! I have no issues with the toy at all for my infant - it's just as good as everybody says, but my dog takes it from the baby all the time, and we don't want to clean it up 5 times a day, so its become the dog's toy.There really is no difference between Sophie the giraffe and a squeaky,rubber dog toy from the pet store, so if you have a dog and you are buying this for the baby -- you may want to find a different toy.

Review #: 751
Date: 08 3, 2010
Looking at Sophie I never really understood what all the craze was about....she is just a plastic giraffe.  Then I gave it to my four month old son.  He LOVES Sophie.  He can easily hold her by the legs or by the neck, can grab her with both hands, and loves to chew on her face or any part of her body.  Plus she's big enough that if he drops her he can usually find her again.  Great for little hands and teething.

Review #: 752
Date: 05 10, 2012
It's cute. But, it's an expensive squeeky toy. It also smells like just rubber which isn't that appealing. I have twin girls and neither one cared to chew on it.

Review #: 753
Date: 05 4, 2012
We bought this for my youngest when he started teething.  He was mostly freaked out about the squeaking noise.  By the time he got his 3rd and 4th tooth he carried it with him chewing on it.  His siblings like it because it fits perfectly atop thomas the train pieces.

Review #: 754
Date: 04 28, 2014
What can I say? My daughter loves Sophie and she goes everywhere with us! My daughter is 4 months old and loves her Sophie. I know Sophie is a little pricey, but she is worth it!!!! Love this little giraffe and so glad I got it for her!

Review #: 755
Date: 10 31, 2011
this is a super cute toy that my baby really enjoyed but it got dirty and there is a little hole you have to cover to prevent it from breaking and losing its squeak. unfortunately this toy is way overpriced for the quality as mine is just a silent chewie now and that takes the fun out of my baby's learning and play experience. he isnt interested in it anymore. 1 star because it is the lowwest i could go. needs a warning label on how to wash it.

Review #: 756
Date: 09 12, 2010
My son likes this teething toy. It's fairly easy for him to grab and hold and then he chews on either the head or the legs. Nice texture and look.

Review #: 757
Date: 03 28, 2014
Amazing how well this teether works.  I think the legs are about as close as you can get to a parent's fingers (most baby's chew toy of choice).  Out of all the teethers we bought, Sophie is my son's favorite, bar none.

Review #: 758
Date: 01 3, 2011
RidiculousI very rarely write reviews but this item being #1 in babies on Amazon is just ridiculous. I received 3 of these giraffes because they were #1 and everyone thought they were getting me the absolute best and most perfect baby toy. Opened one and returned the other 2.First off it could easily be mistaken for a dog toy as it seems to be made of the same materials, smells the same and squeaks the same sound as a dog toy.Second, if you look at it for a minute it's easy to see how a baby could get one leg in the back of their throat and/or a foot in an eye trying to chew on one of the other three. But I was still willing to try the toy under supervision.So I washed it off as I do all new toys and when I started paying attention to the feet, realized that they were little cracks and paint from the spots was coming off. I don't care how non-toxic it is if paint is coming off of it it's not going in my daughter's mouth.Anyways I don't know what all the hype is about. My daughter loves the Raspberry teether it is durable, much cheaper, you can buy 4 for the same price and keep giving a new one when she drops it and wash them all up at night. Most of all, no paint comes off of it and I have peace of mind knowing she is safe while playing.

Review #: 759
Date: 06 13, 2010
Well worth the price.  This is very durable.  My little guy had 8 teeth by the time he was 7 months and has gnawed on this thing like you wouldn't believe.  It is in the same great condition as when we got it.  The legs of the giraffe allow little ones to localize teething more efficiently.

Review #: 760
Date: 09 25, 2010
My daughter loves her Sophie- she can not have enough of her!Great quality teether. She has a lot of teethers but this is the ONE!

Review #: 761
Date: 10 6, 2013
I heard from many people to buy this product. My son is obsessed with it - not sure what makes Sophie so much more fun to chew on than all of his other toys, but I definitely recommend this one!

Review #: 762
Date: 12 7, 2011
My son chewed on this giraffe for 3 months straight. It's been washed in the laundry and the dishwasher multiple times. It still looks new. Now that he's a year old, he still likes this toy to play with. I don't know if it's worth $30... but, yes... there's definitely something about Sophie that attracts babies. It's kind of weird.

Review #: 763
Date: 10 25, 2009
I purchased this for my 5 month old daughter and she appears to like it. Very cute. I do have to agree with other users though and say that Sophie reminds me of a dog toy. My dog thought it was for her. I also have to agree that it is a little smelly. I'm hoping the smell will diminish over time. My daughter does not seem to mind the smell at all though and really loves the squeaker. I appreciate that it is made of natural rubber. I probably would not purchase again as I think the price is a little steep, regardless of how 'amazing' she is. I can think of cheaper natural teethers that my daughter would like just as well. Oh, and I did purchase this knowing that legs were a possible choking hazard, which is why I only let her play with it under close supervision.

Review #: 764
Date: 04 22, 2008
Every kid in France grows up with Sophie la girafe so when my daughter was born in May 2007 my mum sent me one. As soon as she could hold toys we would give her Sophie and she would chew on it for ages. It's a great teething toy, it's also very easy for young babies to grab it with it's long neck and long legs. She would turn it around and chew on every possible part. The spots have faded away but it's still intact and still squeaks.I am very happy that you can now find Sophie in the US (shame it costs double the price though!) and I will definitely buy one to all my friends with young babies.

Review #: 765
Date: 01 6, 2014
OK, it is expensive, but worth it.  My son loves this teether better than any other ones he has, including the sassy soft ones, munchkin figure 8 rings, and any of the liquid filled ones.  He is always soothed immediately by Sophie and pleased to see it when we pulled it out for him!

Review #: 766
Date: 02 21, 2013
Although this item is pricey it has been a life saver. My daughter has been an easy teether and we are forever thankful to have had this product to help provide comfort and to push teeth through. It has also proved very helpful for her molars!

Review #: 767
Date: 01 6, 2014
Sounds like my dog's toy so he flipped out and wanted to eat it! Identical squeaking pitch so I had to return it or it would have become his new toy!

Review #: 768
Date: 05 12, 2011
I thought that Sophie would be a harder rubber, but this is kinda of flimsy and makes me wonder if he could bite through it with teeth.  Also didn't know that it squeaked until I opened the package.  He won't be able to chew on this in quiet areas, aka church etc.  It is really cute and he loves to chew on it so I gave it 4 stars.  Some reviews talk about choking on this toy, I've had no issues with him gagging/choking on it.  My mother in law did make fun of the price I paid for it, but I was willing to pay it for natural rubber and no China lead paint on the toy.

Review #: 769
Date: 02 15, 2013
I've had this for awhile and my daughter, at first, never even touched it. She is now 5 1/2 months old and it is the only toy she looks for. I put it on her high chair, along with other toys, and due to the design, she grabs it every time! She is starting to teeth and the legs are her favorite to chew on, and she loves holding the neck. I do think that it is a bit pricey. I bought mine at BRU because I knew it was the real thing. I am not able to immerse it in water because of the hole in the back and something going in my daughter's mouth, I would like something more than I can just wipe off, but I put my finger over the hole and haven't had too much trouble getting the water out. I just don't want mold to grow so maybe wiping off would be best. At first, I didn't get what all the hype is about, but now that my daughter is getting older, she cries when I take it away from her. I had to re-write this review because my daughter apparently changed her mind and loves this, so I do too!

Review #: 770
Date: 03 17, 2014
It is really cute, feels nice & soft, smells good, is easy to grab, has a sweet gentle little squeak that's not obnoxious at all, and its little leg goes just right into a paci strap so you can clip it on and not risk losing it! Yes, it's expensive...but I am very, very choosy about the toys I'll buy....we don't need tons...just a few really good, quality ones that will be heavily loved and used all the time. Sophie fits the bill perfectly. I would be heartbroken if we lost her so she is always clipped on to something when we are out of the house...and bonus, it also keeps her clean! I think she is worth the money, and my baby seems to adore her...so that is enough for me! P.S. Natural rubber, natural food grade dyes, and NOT made in China....I AM SOLD!!!!!

Review #: 771
Date: 07 20, 2008
We received this as a gift and I was pretty shocked when I made out what was left of the price tag.  I didn't even realize it was a teether until our 4.5 month old cut her first tooth and started gnawing on its head and legs like crazy after a month of just playfully gripping it by the neck.  It keeps her occupied, vocal, and drooling.  Its size, thin features, and flexibility make it easy for her to pick up Sophie and get Sophie back into her mouth.  Sure, she has gagged on it once or twice but she gags on her fingers too.  Certainly your pet will most likely love it but this is consistent with how kids tend to go nuts when they see all the not-so-safe cat toys in my home.  The price is still hard to swallow but it does seem to be a quality product and it doesn't get kicked to the side (can anyone say more landfill garbage?) like a lot of other cheaper toys (whose small price tags do add up over time).  I'd like to buy these for my friends' babies but I may wait for a sale first!

Review #: 772
Date: 02 20, 2012
I got it as a gift for my newborn. At first I wondered why this very basic squeaky toy was almost $20 but it is worth every penny. The size is perfect for a teething baby. The legs are easy to hold and the giraffe's face it interesting for the baby to chew on.  The squeak sound is also a entertaining for the little ones.  This thing goes everywhere with us. Love it! Highly recommended.

Review #: 773
Date: 04 14, 2011
I don't get this toy. I kind of dragged my feet on buying it, but after a bad day of teeth, I broke down and bought it. Kiddo saw Sophie in the box and fell in love! I've never seen him so excited about a toy. And when she squeaked? It was love!! Can't pry it out of his fingers at night.

Review #: 774
Date: 04 15, 2014
It looks not good as expected but it useful, it is good for teeth and good quality. I like it.

Review #: 775
Date: 11 16, 2010
My baby looooves this teether!  I think she likes the contrasting color, it's light enough for a four month old to handle, the legs fit perfectly in the mouth to soothe the front teeth.

Review #: 776
Date: 08 7, 2012
Our baby loves Sophie. Simple design that is really effective and playful for babies. My son loves the noise it makes and the texture unlike other toys is not too firm but not too soft at the same time. It's just right for teething. Love it.

Review #: 777
Date: 10 8, 2012
The toy's legs are too long and narrow to be safe!  A child can easily jam this toy's limbs down his or her throat and be unable to cry out for help!  This is a DEADLY DESIGN FLAW.  I am sure unintentional, but still DEADLY.  I will not repeat the horror stories concerning this toy.  Just check out some of the one star reviews here on Amazon and Google the fact that the original toy has been recalled.  AND--to make matters worse--there are a bunch of evil people selling copycat versions of this toy online.  These fake versions have the design flaw that kills children as well as paint that comes off into your child's mouth!!!  UNBELIEVABLE.  UNSAFE.  STAY AWAY.  DEADLY.

Review #: 778
Date: 05 6, 2011
I have mixed feelings about this Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether. I liked the material its made of, and I think it makes a great teether. I also like its design as it is perfect for a baby's grip. There are a variety of different things to chow on: four legs, the head, etc. However, I don't understand why it's this expensive - and my little girl only played with it for two or three days (I bought it for her when she was about 4 months old). Afterwards, she'd refuse to even take it from my hand when I hand it to her; even though she takes everything I hand to her. The only teethers she consistently takes are the small ones filled with purified water.

Review #: 779
Date: 01 29, 2011
Maybe I got defective one.  Baby was chewing on it and the color was coming off... My baby's mouth and around her mouth was orange from the color from the giraffe... We stopped using it.

Review #: 780
Date: 12 8, 2010
This is a really great teether.  My first child love it, but then we lost it.  We got another one when our second child was born and it's a winner.  It's durable and easy to clean and it keeps her entertained for a little while.  She'll chew on the feet and legs and really bite down.  I'll squeeze the toy and she'll look at me and then start to chew again.  A quality product.

